__bestow__ _v_ :nine: /bɪˈstəʊ/ Confer or present (an honour, right, or gift). _Syn_ confer on, present to, award to, give, grant _The award has been bestowed on luminaries like Daw Aung San Suu Kyi and Nelson Mandela._  
__bolster<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine: (bolstered) Support or strengthen. _The fall in interest rates is starting to bolster confidence._ _Syn_ strengthen, support, reinforce :es: reforzar  
__clinch__ _v_ (clinched) :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: Grapple at close quarters, especially (of boxers) so as to be too closely engaged for full-arm blows. _Syn_ grapple, wrestle, struggle with each other _A 45-yarder clinched the game._ _Only two places seem clinched._  
__clout__ _n_ :nine: _Informal_ Influence; _esp_ effective political power. _Latino interests are increasing their political clout._ _The Cubs are unleashing their new clout._  
__crackdown__ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: Severely repressive actions. _In 2002, Chávez ordered a crackdown on political opponents._ _Generals continued their crackdowns._ :es: medidas energéticas (en contra)  
__crimp__ _v_ :nine: (crimped) To press or pinch into small regular folds or ridges: _crimp a pie crust._ _n_ Something made by or as if by crimping, as: __a__ Hair that has been tightly curled or waved. __b__ A series of curls, as of wool fibers. __c__ A crease or bend.  
__din__ _n_ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: A loud, unpleasant, and prolonged noise. _The fans made an awful din._ _Syn_ noise, racket, rumpus, ruckus, cacophony, babel :es: estruendo, ruido, estrépito, jaleo  
__embezzle__ _v_ :nine: /ɪmˈbɛz(ə)l,ɛm-/ (embezzling, embezzlement) Steal or misappropriate (money placed in one's trust or belonging to the organization for which one works). _Syn_ misappropriate, steal, rob, thieve, pilfer, appropriate _She had embezzled £5,600,000 in company funds._  _He is awaiting trial on charges of helping emblezzle and laundeer $10 million through Delaware shells._ :es: malversación  
__fallout__ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: _Informal_ Side-effects; secondary consequences. _The fallout from the release of the emails threatened to undermine Mr. Christie's carefully cultivated image._ _The Fukushima fallout._  
__fray<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: (frayed) (of a person's nerves or temper) Show the effects of strain. _Syn_ strain, tax, overtax, irritate, put on edge _A bitter partisan fray._  _The alliance between the groups frayed._ _Frayed nerves._ _A frayed suit._  
__grapple__ _v_ (grappled, grappling) :dart::nine::arrow_up_small::o2: _v_ __1__ Engage in a close fight or struggle without weapons; wrestle. _Passers-by grappled with the man after the knife attack._ _Syn_ wrestle, struggle, tussle __2__ Seize hold of (someone). _He grappled the young man around the throat._ _Syn_ seize, grab __3__ Struggle to deal with or overcome (a difficulty or challenge). _Other towns are still grappling with the problem._ _Syn_ tackle, confront  
__hump__ _v_ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2::shit: _Got to get the locals humping for you._  
__lackluster__ _adj_ :nine: Lacking in vitality, force, or conviction; uninspired or uninspiring. _Technical glitches have contributed to the lackluster response._ _A lackluster 1-0 victory at Malaga._  
__ordeal__ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: A very unpleasant and prolonged experience. :es: experiencia horrorosa  
__penchant__ :nine: (from French, ‘leaning, inclining’, present participle of the verb _pencher_) A strong or habitual liking for something or tendency to do something. _Her penchant for love songs._ _The group has evolved into a diverse group with a penchant for complex pieces._ :es: inclinación, afición, predilección  
__snub<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: /snʌb/ (snubs, snubbed) Rebuff, ignore, or spurn disdainfully. _Syn_ insult, slight, affront, humiliate _Putin is not just snubbing the United States and the G8._ _He snubbed faculty members and students alike._ :es: _desaire, repulsa_  
__stalwart__ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: Loyal, reliable, and hard-working. _He remained a stalwart supporter of the cause._ _Syn_ staunch, loyal, faithful, committed, devoted, dedicated, dependable, reliable, steady  
__staunch__ _adj_ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: __1__ Firm and steadfast; loyal or true. _Syn_ loyal, faithful  
__stoke__ _v_ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2::shit: (stoked, stoking, stoke up) _Stoking tensions._  
__stubble__ _n_ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2::shit: _The sugarcane stubble._ _Smoke from a distant stubble fire._  
__swath__ _n_ :nine: __1__ A row or line of grass, corn, or other crop as it falls or lies when mown or reaped. _If the day is windy, the swathes should be high and narrow._ __2__ Strip left clear by the passage of a mowing machine or scythe. _The combine had cut a deep swathe around the border of the fields._ __3__ A broad strip or area of something. _Vast swathes of countryside._ __4__ A strip, belt, or long and relatively narrow extent of anything.  
__sway<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::arrow_up_small::o2: (swayed, swaying) __1__ Move or cause to move slowly or rhythmically backwards and forwards or from side to side. _Syn_ swing, shake, oscillate, rock _Swaying in the stands._ _Swaying like a metronome._ __2__  Win approval or support for. _His speech did not sway the voters._ _Syn_ carry, persuade  
__swoon__ _v_ :nine: (swoons, swooning) __1__ _literary_ Faint, especially from extreme emotion. _Frankie's mother swooned and had to be helped to the headmaster's office._ __2__ Be overcome with admiration, adoration, or other strong emotion. _Women swoon over his manly, unaffected ways._  
