__accolade__ _n_ :nine::m: /AK-uh-layd/ An award or privilege granted as a special honour or as an acknowledgement of merit. Accolade refers to an award or expression of praise. It is often used in the plural form. _Syn_ honour, recognition _The hotel has won numerous accolades._ _This restaurant has received accolades from_ Esquire.  
__acolyte__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ Any attendant, assistant, or follower. _To his acolytes, he is known simply as ‘The Boss.’_ :es: acólito __2__ An altar attendant in public worship; altar boy. :es: monaguillo  
__advent__ _n_ :nine::m::mega: __1__ The coming or arrival of something or someone that is important or worthy of note: _the advent of the computer._ _The advent of social media._  
__agency__ _n_ :nine::m::astonished: __6__ The state of being in action or exerting power. _The agency of providence._ _She has free agency._ _Good data protection practices give users real agency over their data._ _We still have some agency over our situation._ _A young man slowly realizing his own trauma and agency over the course of a single football game._ _They take agency over their lives._ _We must use our agency._  
__aghast__ _adj_ :nine::m: Struck with terror, amazement, or horror; shocked and upset. _She was aghast when she heard the news._  
__alienate__ _v_ :nine::m: (alienated, alienating) To do something that makes someone unfriendly or unwilling to support you. _Alcoholism and violence alienated him from his family._  
__ample__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Enough or more than enough. _Ample evidence._ _There is ample time for discussion._ __2__ Fairly large or extensive. _Syn_ enough, sufficient, adequate, plenty of, abundant, more than enough, enough and to spare _Ample outdoor seating._ _Ample public seating areas._  
__anathema__ _n_ :nine::m: /ə-ˈna-thə-mə/ Something that one absolutely and positively cannot stand is anathema. Garlic is anathema to vampires (ditto for stakes and daylight). So is kryptonite to Superman or a silver bullet to a werewolf. A person or thing detested or loathed. _Syn_ bete noire _Because of what he did to Sam, he is anathema to me now._  
__angst__ _n_ :nine::m: A feeling of deep anxiety or dread, typically an unfocused one about the human condition or the state of the world in general. _Syn_ anxiety, fear, dread, apprehension, worry _The existential angst of the middle classes._  
__animosity__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ Bitter hostility or open enmity; active hatred. _She tried to put her animosity aside._ __2__ A hostile feeling or act. :es: rencor  
__appalling__ _adj_ :nine::m: Something that is appalling is awful or horrible, causing dismay or disgust. It’s definitely not appealing. :es: espantoso _(awful)_ pésimo  
__appraisal__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A statement or opinion judging the worth, value, or condition of something. __2__ An expert or official valuation, as for taxation. _An insurance appraisal._ _Free appraisals._  
__articulate<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To pronounce clearly and distinctly. __2__ To make the movements and adjustments of the speech organs necessary to utter (a speech sound). __3__ To give clarity or coherence to: _to articulate an idea._ __4__ To unite by a joint or joints.  
__articulate<sup>3</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: __1__ To pronounce clearly each of a succession of speech sounds, syllables, or words. __2__ To articulate a speech sound. __3__ To form a joint.  
__ascribe__ _vt_ :nine::m: (ascribed) __1__ To refer to a supposed cause, source, or author. _These poems are usually ascribed to Homer._ __2__ To say or think that (something) is caused by, comes from, or is associated with a particular person or thing. _They ascribe most of their success to good timing and good luck._ _Which meaning were you ascribing to that word?_ _He ascribed the cause to the misery._  
__attrition__ _n_ :nine::m: /əˈtrɪʃən/ Erosion by friction. _Syn_ corrasion, detrition, abrasion _The attrition of the stone stairway had occurred by centuries of foot traffic._ __2a__ A gradual reduction in number or strength because of stress or military action. _War of attrition._  
__awash__ _adj, adv_ :nine::m: /əˈwɒʃ, əˈwɔʃ/ __1__ Covered or flooded with water, especially seawater or rain. _The boat rolled violently, her decks awash._ _The boat was almost awash._ _Syn_ flooded, covered with water, under water __2__ Submerged, engulfed, submersed. _The road was awash and impassable in places._ __3__ Containing large numbers or amounts of someone or something. _The city was awash with journalists._ _Market awash with coal._ __4__ Level with the surface of water so that it just washes over. _A rock awash outside the reef entrance._  
__backdrop__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A painted cloth hung at the back of a stage set. Also called backcloth. __2__ The setting, as of a historical event; the background. _These massacres took place against the backdrop of a war._  
__balk<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: /bɔːlk,bɔːk/ (balked) To stop, hesitate, or refuse to proceed. Hesitate or be unwilling to accept an idea or undertaking. _Syn_ eschew, resist _He balked at such a drastic solution._ _Cities balk as federal law on marijuana is enforced._  
__banter<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: Good-humored, playful, or teasing conversation.  
__befuddle__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To cause (someone) to be unable to think clearly; confuse. _Luke used the Force to befuddle the Gamorrean guards._ __2__ To stupefy with alcohol; intoxicate.  
__behemoth__ _n_ :nine::m: /bih-HEE-muth/ [:scroll: Behemoth (usually capitalized) is the name of a mighty animal described in the biblical book of Job.] __1__ A huge or monstrous creature. __2__ Something enormous, especially a large and powerful organization. Something of monstrous size, power, or appearance. _The town will be voting on whether or not to let the retail behemoth build a store on the proposed site._  
__beholden__ _adj_ :nine::m: /bih-HOHL-dun/ Owing thanks or having a duty to someone in return for help or a service. _Syn_ indebted, obligated, under an obligation, obliged, bound _I don’t like to be beholden to anybody._ _She works for herself, and so is beholden to no one._  
__beleaguered__ _adj_ :nine::m: Put in a very difficult situation. _The board is supporting the beleaguered director._ _Syn_ hard-pressed, troubled  
__belie__ _vt_ :nine::m: /bih-LYE/ __1__ (of an appearance) fail to give a true impression of (something). _Syn_ contradict _His lively, alert manner belied his years._ __2__ Fail to fulfil or justify (a claim or expectation). _The quality of the music seems to belie the criticism._ :es: desmentir; engañar  
__bemoan__ _v_ :nine::m: /bɪˈməʊn/ /bɪˈmoʊn/ To moan or complain about; be dismayed or worried about something. _Esquith bemoans the lowering of standards._ :es: lamentar  
__bequeath__ _v_ :nine::m: (bequeathed) __1__ _Law_ To leave or give (personal property) by will. _A collection of 9,000 artworks bequeathed to Glasgow by Sir William Burrell._ :es: legar __2__ To pass (something) on to another; hand down: bequeathed to their children a respect for hard work.  
__bequest__ _n_ :nine::m: /bɪˈkwɛst/ __1__ (Law) The act of giving or leaving personal property by a will. __2__ Something that is bequeathed; a legacy. _Syn_ legacy, gift, settlement, heritage, trust, endowment, estate, inheritance, dower, bestowal _Bequests to religious institutions._ _A dark bequest of Nazism._  
__berate__ _v_ :nine::m: /bɪˈreɪt/ /bih-RAYT/ To _berate_ someone is to angrily scold or criticize them, often loudly and at length. Scold or criticize (someone) angrily. To scold or condemn vehemently and at length. _Syn_ chew out, chide, rebuke, reproof, scold, lambast, reprimand, remonstrate _The coach berated the players for their lackluster performance on the field._ _She started berating black and Latino nannies, who, she said, can’t even take care of their own children._ _Sam’s lawyer berated Dogan for half a day._  
__bereavement__ _n_ :nine::m: State of sorrow over the death or departure of a loved one. _Syn_ mourning  
__berserk__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ber-SERK/ (usually used in the phrase “go berserk”) __1__ Very angry, often in a violent or uncontrolled way: _He went berserk when he found out where I’d been._ __2__ Very excited: _People were going berserk with excitement._  
__beseech__ _vt_ :nine::m: Ask for or request earnestly. _Syn_ adjure, entreat, conjure, bid, press _Daddy, I beseech you to stop smoking before it is too late._ :es: suplicar  
__beset__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ Annoy continually or chronically. _Suyn_ chevvy, chevy, chivvy, chivy, harass, harry, hassle, molest, plague, provoke :es: plagado _The development and approval of the Novavax vaccine has been beset by delays._ __2__ To attack on all sides _Syn_ set upon _The zebra was beset by leopards._ __3__ To surround; hem in: _a village beset by dense forest._ __4__ Decorate or cover lavishly (as with gems). To stud. _Syn_ incrust, encrust _A gold bracelet beset with jewels._  
__bespoke<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: /bih-SPOHK/ Custom-made. _Bespoke clothing._ _They provide bespoke forecast for London Heathrow Airport._ _Delivering bespoke professional services._  
__bestow__ _vt_ _formal_ :nine::m: /bɪˈstəʊ/ (bestowed) Confer or present (an honour, right, or gift). _Syn_ confer on, present to, award to, give, grant _The award has been bestowed on luminaries like Daw Aung San Suu Kyi and Nelson Mandela._  
__bevy__ _n_ :nine::m: /BEV-ee/ A large group of people or things of a particular kind. _Bevy_ is usually used in the singular form and accompanied by the word _of_. _He was surrounded by a bevy of beautiful girls._ _A bevy of admirers._ _A bevy of autos will be on display._ _A bevy of drunken sailors._ _Syn_ group, crowd, herd, flock, horde :es: grupo, bandada, manada  
__bland__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Characterized by a moderate, unperturbed, or tranquil quality, especially: __a__ Pleasant in manner; smooth: _a bland smile._ __b__ Not irritating or stimulating; soothing: _a bland diet._ __c__ Exhibiting no personal worry, embarrassment, or concern: _told a series of bland lies._ __2a__ Dull and insipid: _a bland little drama._ __b__ Having little or no distinctive flavor: _bland cooking._  
__bleak__ _adj_ __1__ :nine::m: _(of an area of land)_ Lacking vegetation and exposed to the elements. _A bleak and barren moor._ _This bleak and hostile environment._ _Syn_ bare, exposed, desolate, stark, arid, desert __2__ :two: _(of a building or room)_ Charmless and inhospitable; dreary. _He looked round the bleak little room in despair._ __3__ :four: _(of the weather)_ Cold and miserable. _A bleak midwinter’s day._ _She paints a bleak picture of the future._ _Syn_ cold, keen, raw, harsh, wintry  
__blithely__ _adv_ :nine::m: In a joyous manner. _The worst option is to blithely add getters and setters._  
__bob<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m::astonished: __1__ To strike with a quick light blow. _Syn_ rap _They had bobbed noses._ __2__ To move up and down in a short quick movement. _Bob the head._ To move or cause to move up and down repeatedly, as while floating in water. _Bags bobbing in the water._ _I bobbed my eyebrows at them._ _Bald heads bobbed behind them._ _His small head was bobbing._ _He bobbed in the icy Atlantic with a life jacket for three hours before being rescued._ _The ball bobbed loose for a turnover._ __3__ To polish with a bob. _Syn_ buff  
__bode__ _v_ :nine::m: (bodes, boding) Be a portent of a particular outcome. Indicate by signs. _These signs bode bad news._ _Syn_ augur, presage, portend, foretell _St-Pierre’s return bodes well for nation._ _His conservative definition does not bode well for those who object to having their lives subject to spying._ _Her hesitation at his proposal boded trouble in their future._  
__bolster<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ Support or strengthen. _Syn_ strengthen, support, reinforce :es: reforzar __2__ To buoy up or hearten. _Syn_ boost _Visitors bolstered the patient’s morale._ _The fall in interest rates is starting to bolster confidence._  
__bona fide__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ˈboʊ nəˌfaɪd, ˈbɒn ə; ˈboʊ nəˈfaɪ di/ (bona fides) Something bona fide is the real deal, the real McCoy, genuine — it’s not a fake or a counterfeit. We talk about things being bona fide when we’re interested in how real or genuine they are. A counterfeit hundred dollar bill is not bona fide. When you earn your college diploma you’re a bona fide college graduate. If you spend your whole life studying music, you’re a bona fide musician. The opposite of bona fide is fake. We also say people make a bona fide effort: they’re making a true, sincere attempt to do something. Good faith; absence of fraud or deceit; the state of being exactly as claims or appearances indicate. _The Cougars might be a bona fide contender for the national championship._ __1__ Not counterfeit or copied. _They are bona fide superstars._ __2__ Undertaken in good faith. _His father was a bona fide fucking nut-job._  
__boon__ _n_ :nine::m: /buːn/ A thing that is helpful or beneficial. _A consistent lexicon is a great boon to the programmers who must use your code._ _The route will be a boon to many travellers._ _Syn_ blessing, godsend, bonus, good thing, benefit, help, aid, advantage, gain  
__brace<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::astonished: (braces, braced, bracing) A brace is a support that helps to steady or strengthen, and to brace is to prepare for something hard. _So brace yourself for that impromptu meeting with your boss if you haven’t been performing well._ _Online media companies are bracing for change._ _Residents brace themselves for more rain._  
__breakout<sup>2</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Characterized by a sudden significant improvement or increase in popularity. _A ballplayer having a breakout season. A band with a breakout album._ __2__ Conducted separately from a larger group or meeting. _Attended several breakout sessions at the conference._ _A breakout product._  
__brittle<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Something brittle is easily broken. _Do you have brittle bones? Then no football or rugby for you._ :es: frágil  
__broach__ _v_ :nine::m: (broached) To bring up (a subject) for discussion or debate. _Syn_ initiate _To broach a conversation._ _He broached the subject._ _The King does not wish the marriage to be broached on his part._  
__buck<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :dart::nine::m: __1__ To leap upward arching the back: _The horse bucked in fright._ _Most of the men have never ridden a bucking animal._ _A wagon was overturned as horses bucked and shied._ __2__ :dart: To oppose directly and stubbornly; go against: _“Los Angeles County, the most populous county in the country, is bucking the trend.”_ (American Demographics) _Twenty players have bucked the trend by staying with one high school program._ _Many officers bucked the chain of command._  
__buckle__ _v_ :nine::m: (buckled) Bend and give way under pressure or strain. _The earth buckled under the titanic stress._ _My knees buckle with fright._ _Syn_ warp, bend  
__buff<sup>1</sup>__ _n informal_ :nine::m: /bʌf/ (buffs) One who is enthusiastic and knowledgeable about a subject. _A Civil War buff._ _Some folks are movie buffs._ _He appears buff._ _Culture buffs._ _A history buff._ :es: entusiasta  
__bulwark__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈbʊl wərk, -wɔrk, ˈbʌl-/ __1__ A defensive wall or rampart. __2__ A defense or safeguard. quotations __3__ A breakwater. _Acting as a bulwark against mass deportations._  
__bumble<sup>1</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: __1__ To speak in a faltering or rambling manner. __2__ To move or act in a clumsy or incompetent manner. _Syn_ blunder __3__ To make a buzzing sound.  
__bumble<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To say (something) in a faltering manner. __2__ To bungle; botch: _bumble one’s lines in a play._  
__burgeoning__ _adj_ :nine::m: Rapidly developing or growing; flourishing.  
__bustling__ _adj_ :nine::m::dart: __1__ Full of energetic and noisy activity. _A bustling tapas bar._ _The bustling dining room scene from the movie._ __2__ Very crowded. _The sidewalks are bustling with people._  
__cajole__ _v_ :nine::m::smiling_imp: /kuh-JOHL/ Cajole usually means “to persuade someone to do something or to give you something by making promises or saying nice things.” To persuade (someone) by flattery or pleasing talk to do what one wants; wheedle; coax. _She cajoled her partner into going to the party with her._ It can also mean “to deceive with soothing words or false promises.”  
__callous<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m::dart: /ˈkæl əs/ __1__ Having calluses; toughened: _callous skin on the elbow._ __2__ Emotionally hardened; unfeeling: _a callous indifference to the suffering of others._ _A callous remark._ :es: insensible, cruel  
__cap<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (capped, capping) __1__ _informal_ To capitalize. __2__ Lie at the top of. _Snow capped the mountains._ __3__ Restrict the number or amount of. _We had to cap the number of people we can accept into our club._ __4__ Provide a fitting climax or conclusion to. _The most capped player._  
__careen__ _v_ :nine::m::camera: __1__ Move sideways or in an unsteady way. _Syn_ wobble, tilt, shift _The ship careened out of control in the storm._ __2__ _(nautical)_ To heave a ship down on one side so as to expose the other, in order to clean it of barnacles and weed, or to repair it below the water line. __3__ _(nautical)_ To tilt on one side. __4__ To lurch or sway violently from side to side. _An open-air tour bus careened wildly out of control._ __5__ To tilt or lean while in motion. __6__ To career, to move rapidly straight ahead.  
__carouse__ _vi_ :nine::m: /kuh-ROWZ/ (“OW” as in ‘cow’) To drink large amounts of alcohol, especially in boisterous merrymaking. To drink alcohol, make noise, and have fun with other people. _Syn_ roister _After a long night of carousing around Puerto Vallarta, the travelers settled into their hotel room._ _They were so happy to be finished with exams that they continued to carouse until morning, when the bartender finally asked them to leave._  
__cesspool__ _n_ :nine::m: (cesspit) __1__ _building_ (sink, sump) A covered cistern, etc, for collecting and storing sewage or waste water. __2__ A filthy or corrupt place: _a cesspool of iniquity._ _The journalist cesspool._  
__chafe<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (chafes, chafed, chafing) __4__ To cause friction; rub. If a part of your body chafes or if something chafes it, it becomes sore because of something rubbing against it. _Her bare ankles chafing against the tops of her tennis shoes._ _Chafing dishes._  
__chagrin<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: /ʃəˈgrɪn/ /shuh-GRIN/ A distress of mind caused by humiliation, disappointment, or failure. A feeling of vexation, marked by disappointment or humiliation. _Syn_ annoyance, irritation, vexation, exasperation _To my chagrin, he was nowhere to be seen._ _She later rooted for the Universiity of Texas, much to the chagrin of her husband and son, both alumni of rival schools._ _To the chef’s chagrin, the sauce was too sweet._  
__chasm__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A deep, steep-sided opening in the earth’s surface; an abyss or gorge. __2__ A sudden interruption of continuity; a gap. __3__ A pronounced difference of opinion, interests, or loyalty.  
__churn<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (churned, churning) __1__ If your stomach churns or something churns your stomach, you feel sick from nervousness, disgust, etc. _Just thinking about the test made my stomach churn._ _The violence in the movie churned my stomach._ __2__ To agitate in order to make into butter: _to churn cream._ __3__ To make (butter) by the agitation of cream. __4__ To shake or agitate: _The storm churned the sea._ _Churning sand._ _A surge of churning water._ _The hype machine churning into overdrive._  
__clamber__ _v_ :nine::m: (clambered, clambering) To climb (something) awkwardly, esp by using both hands and feet. _He clambered to his feet._ _She clambered down to the ground._ _Up the darkest wall he clambered, to become a darker shadow clinging to the wall just under the ceiling._  
__clinch__ _v_ :nine::m: (clinched) __1__ To secure (a driven nail) by bending the protruding point over. __2a__ To settle (an argument, bargain, etc.) definitely. _Only two places seem clinched._ __b__ To make sure of winning; win conclusively. _A 45-yarder clinched the game._ __3__ _US, boxing_ Grapple at close quarters, especially (of boxers) so as to be too closely engaged for full-arm blows. _Syn_ grapple, wrestle, struggle with each other  
__clout<sup>1</sup>__ _n informal_ :nine::m: Influence; _esp_ effective political power. _Latino interests are increasing their political clout._ _The Cubs are unleashing their new clout._  
__co-op__ _n_ :nine::m: Any co-operative, including housing, retail, utility, agricultural, banking or worker cooperatives. A cooperative enterprise, building, or apartment. _The co-op received loans of $73 million._ _Co-op spokeswoman._  
__commission<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :astonished::nine::m: (commissioned) __1__ To grant a military commission to. __2a__ To grant authority for (something to be made or done); place an order for: _commission a new symphony for the festival._ _An outdoor exhibit of commissioned site-specific sculptures._ __b__ To authorize or engage (someone to do something): _commission an architect to design a building._ __3__ To put (a ship) into active service.  
__complimentary__ _adj_ :nine::m::pencil2: __1__ Expressing, using, or resembling a compliment: _a concert that received complimentary reviews._ __2__ :dart: Given as a courtesy at no charge: _complimentary copies of the new book._ _Complimentary hotel rooms._ _Complimentary popcorn._ _A complimentary breakfast buffet._ _A complimentary glass of house wine._ _Complimentary parking._ _Many hotels provide complimentary airport shuttle service._  
__compulsory__ _adj_ :nine::m: /kəmˈpʌl sə ri/ __1__ Required by regulations or laws; obligatory: _compulsory education._ _Syn_ mandatory, required __2__ Involving or employing compulsion; compelling; necessary; essential. _Compulsory vaccination._ _A compulsory Third World condition._ _Vaginal mesh procedures need compulsory register._ _Compulsory State writ._  
__concomitant<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Existing or occurring together; associative. Occurring or existing concurrently; attendant. _Syn_ accompanying, consequent, ensuant, resultant, sequent, incidental  
__concourse__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A great crowd; a throng. __2__ The act of coming, moving, or flowing together. A coming together; confluence: _a concourse of events._ __3__ :dart: A large open space for the gathering or passage of crowds, as in an airport. :es: explanada _Enjoy casual fare in the lower level dining concourse._ _Main concourse._ _Art works on display in the concourses and terminal._ __4__ A ground for sports, racing, athletics, etc. __5__ A broad thoroughfare.  
__confound__ _v_ :nine::m: /kən-found′, kŏn-/ (confounded, confounding) __1__ To astound or perplex; bewilder. __2__ To mix up; confuse. __3__ To treat mistakenly as similar to or identical with (one or more other things). __4__ To curse or damn (usually as an expletive in the phrase confound it!). __5__ To contradict or refute (an argument, etc). __6__ To rout or defeat (an enemy).  
__construe__ _v_ :nine::m: /kun-STROO/ (construed) __1__ To understand or explain the meaning of (something), especially in a particular way; interpret: _The waiter construed my smile as assent._ To understand or explain the sense or intention of something in a particular way. _Syn_ explain _The website provides medical information but that information should not be construed as a diagnosis._ __2__ _grammar_ __a__ To analyze the structure of (a clause or sentence). To analyze the arrangement and connection of words in a sentence. _The teacher asked the students to construe the Greek philosopher’s statement._ __b__ To use syntactically: _The noun fish can be construed as singular or plural._ __3__ To translate, especially aloud.  
__contention__ _n_ :nine::m: /kənˈtɛn ʃən/ Heated disagreement. _Braintree and Dover are in contention for promotion from the National League._ _A contention disputed by independent experts._ :es: contienda  
__contentious__ _adj_ :nine::m: A contentious issue is one that people are likely to argue about, and a contentious person is someone who likes to argue or fight. _Syn_ combative, disputatious, litigious _The captain felt like he was constantly mediating disputes between his contentious crew members._  
__convene__ _v_ :nine::m: (convenes, convened) Come or bring together for a meeting or activity; assemble. _He had convened a secret meeting of military personnel._ _Syn_ summon, call, call together, order :es: convocar; reunirse a; encontrarse _People convened in the lobby._ _A War Council was convened._  
__crackdown__ _n_ :nine::m: Severely repressive actions. _In 2002, Chávez ordered a crackdown on political opponents._ _Generals continued their crackdowns._ :es: medidas enérgicas (en contra)  
__cram__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ To force (people, material, etc) into (a room, container, etc) with more than it can hold; stuff. _On the weekends, she crams in as much physical activity as she can._ _A cram year._ _Cramming new tests into the suite._ _A late-night cram session._ __2__ To eat or cause to eat more than necessary. __3__ _(Education)_ _informal_ To study or cause to study (facts, etc), _esp_ for an examination, by hastily memorizing. Study intensively, as before an exam. _Syn_ bone up, drum, get up, grind away, mug up, swot _I spent the week before my Latin final exam cramming, a strategy that paid off when I aced the class._  
__crimp<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (crimped) To press or pinch into small regular folds or ridges: _crimp a pie crust._  
__cringe__ _v_ :nine::m: (cringed) __1__ To shrink back, as in fear; cower. _I cringed and rolled my eyes._ _Data scientists both rejoice and cringe._ :es: to cringe with fear > encogerse de miedo; to cringe with embarrassment > morirse de vergüenza __2__ To behave in a servile way; fawn. :es: it makes me cringe > me da horror  
__crisp<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Dry and brittle. Firm but easily broken or crumbled; brittle: _crisp potato chips._ __2__ Fresh and firm: _crisp lettuce._ __3__ Invigorating or bracing: _a crisp breeze._ __4__ Clear; sharp: _crisp reasoning._ _A crisp young guy._ __5__ Lively or stimulating: _crisp conversation._ __6__ Clean and orderly; neat: _a crisp appearance._ _A crisp white tunic._ _In a crisp white dress._ __7__ Concise and pithy; terse: _a crisp reply._ __8__ Wrinkled or curly: _crisp hair._  
__crucible__ _n_ :nine::m: /KROO-suh-bul/ /KROO-suh/si-buhl/ Crucible refers to a place or situation that forces someone or something to change. Most commonly found in formal and literary writing, it can also mean “a difficult test or challenge.” Its original meaning, still in use, is “a pot in which metals or other substances are heated to a very high temperature or melted.” __1__ A vessel used for heating substances to a high temperature. __2__ A trying experience. __3__ A situation or place where forces interact to bring about great changes. _Her rock-solid songwriting skills were forged in the crucible of the Nashville music scene._ _After years of intense daily archery training, she is ready to face the crucible of the Olympics._  
__cursory__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m: /KER-suh-ree/ Performed with haste and scant attention to detail: _a cursory glance at the headlines._  
__curtail__ _v_ :nine::m: (curtailed) Reduce in extent or quantity; impose a restriction on. _He must curtail the mistakes._ _The government is conspiring to curtail liberties._ :es: hacer restringir  
__dais__ _n_ :nine::m: A low platform for a lectern or throne. _Syn_ platform, stage, podium, stand _It is full of unusual plants surrounding a central stone dais._  
__dazzling__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ˈdæzlɪŋ/ (dazzlingly) __1__ Extremely bright, especially so as to blind the eyes temporarily. _The sunlight was dazzling._ _Syn_ extremely bright, blinding, glaring __2__ Extremely impressive, beautiful, or skilful. _A dazzling display of football._ _Dazzling gifts._ _Syn_ impressive, remarkable, extraordinary, outstanding, exceptional  
__decry__ _v_ :nine::m: (decried; decrying) /dih-KRY/ To express strong disapproval of. Publicly denounce. _They decried human rights abuses._ _Ms. Le Pen decried the family subsidies that immigrants receive just as native-born French people do._ _Democrats were decrying what they called a war on women._ _The editorial decried the shuttering of the movie theater, which has been a local landmark for many years._  
__defect__ _vi_ :dart::nine::m: __1__ To disown allegiance to one’s country and take up residence in another: _a Soviet citizen who defected to Israel._ _He defected to Canada with the help of the CIA._ To desert one’s country, cause, allegiance, etc, esp in order to join the opposing forces. _A Soviet grandmaster had defected to the West._ _Syn_ desert, go over to the enemy, change sides/loyalties/allegiances, turn traitor  
__defection__ _n_ :nine::m: Withdrawing support or help despite allegiance or responsibility. _Syn_ desertion, abandonment _Booing over Heyward’s defection._  
__delectable__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ 1. Greatly pleasing to the taste; delicious. _Syn_ delicious _Delectable dining._ _Delectable desserts._ _The Malaysian cuisine is absolutely delectable._ __2__ Greatly pleasing; delightful: _found her anecdotes delectable._ _A delectable range of bath treats._ __3__ Sexually attractive or alluring Capable of arousing desire. _The delectable Miss Haynes._  
__deliver<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :dart::nine::m: __1__ To produce or achieve what is desired or expected; make good: _The senator delivered on her pledge._ _He is a manager who just can’t seem to deliver._ _Al was a man who could deliver._ _Republicans apparently cannot deliver._ _There is a hundred grand if you can deliver._ _Can the recovery plan for elective care in England deliver?_ __2__ To give birth: _She expects to deliver in late August._  
__deliverance__ _n_ :nine::m: /dɪˈlɪv ər əns/ __2__ Rescue from moral corruption or evil. _Syn_ salvation, redemption, liberation _Hope and deliverance._ _Deliverance center._  
__deluge<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: A lot of things all happening or arriving at the same time, especially if they are hard to deal with. _The deluge is not over._ _A digital deluge._  
__denouement__ _n_ :nine::m::mega: /deɪˈnuːmɒn/ __1__ The final resolution of a plot, as of a drama or novel. _Syn_ climax, conclusion, finale, termination, culmination _The book’s sentimental denouement._ __2__ The outcome or resolution of a doubtful series of occurrences. _Syn_ outcome, end, result, consequence, resolution, conclusion, end result, upshot _An unexpected denouement to the affair._  
__despondent__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m: Feeling or showing profound hopelessness, dejection, discouragement, or gloom. _Syn_ heartsick  
__deterrent<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: A deterrent makes you not want to do something. Let’s say there’s a giant pile of cookies being guarded by an angry dog — the dog is a deterrent. People talk about deterrents most often when discussing crime. The death penalty is supposed to be a deterrent — the idea is that people will be so scared of the death penalty that they won’t commit certain crimes. Jail is another deterrent. Teachers also use deterrents — the possibility of getting detention is a deterrent that should encourage students to behave. A deterrent is the opposite of a reward. A reward encourages you to do the right thing, while a deterrent discourages you from doing the wrong thing.  
__din__ _n_ :nine::m: A loud, unpleasant, and prolonged noise. _The fans made an awful din._ _Those voices are lost in the din._ _Syn_ noise, racket, rumpus, ruckus, cacophony, babel :es: estruendo, ruido, estrépito, jaleo  
__dinghy__ _n_ :nine::m: (dingy, dingey, dinguies; Nautical Terms) Any small boat, powered by sail, oars, or outboard motor. Also (_esp_ formerly): dingy or dingey. :es: bote _Rubber dinghy and fishing safaris._  
__dire__ _adj_ :nine::m: (of a situation or event) Extremely serious or urgent. _Doctors warned of dire consequences._ _Syn_ terrible, dreadful, appalling, frightful, awful :es: terrible, horrible, horrendo, fatal _After showing some improvement, Howe’s health again appeared dire last weekend._ _No matter how dire the news may be, there’s always something you can do._  
__discharge__ _vt_ :nine::m::dart: (discharged) To discharge is to fire a gun or an employee, or to set someone free from a hospital or jail. You’d probably like being discharged from jail, but not from your job, unless you really hate it. _The hospital discharged the patient._ _Hospitals and jails provide homeless with a list of places where they can get help after discharge._ _Discharge policies._ _His honorable discharge in 1974._ _An officer discharged his weapon._ _The patient was discharged the day after the operation._  
__disparage__ _v_ :nine::m: (disparaged, disparaging) To criticize someone or something in a way that shows you do not think they are very good or important.  
__dispel__ _vt_ :nine::m::astonished: (dispelled) __1__ To drive off in various directions; disperse; dissipate. __2__ To cause to vanish; alleviate. _She dispelled the myth._ :es: disipar; desvanecer  
__divest__ _vt_ :dart::nine::m: /di/duh/dy-VEST/ /dye-VEST/ /daɪˈvɛst/ [:scroll: From Old French desvestir (to undress), from Latin divestire, from di- (away) + vestire (to dress), from vestis (garment).] __1__ To remove, give up, or sell off. To divest something valuable, such as property or stocks, is to sell it. Similarly, to divest yourself of something valuable is to sell it or give it away. __2__ If you divest someone or something of something, you take that thing away from them, or otherwise cause them to lose it or give it up. To take away or deprive. _Divested him of stolen lands and castles._ __3__ To strip of clothing, ornament, etc. _The entire company crowded into the receiving room of the morgue and divested themselves of their coveralls._  
__dole out__ _v_ :nine::m: (doled out, doling out) To give or deliver in small portions. _Pringles will dole out thousands of speakers that fit atop Pringles cans and amplify music from MP3 players._ _Doling out a familiar meal._  
__double down__ _v_ :nine::m: To become more tenacious, zealous, or resolute in a position or undertaking. _Doubling down on sanctions._  
__dovetail__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ _vt_ (Building) To join by means of dovetails. __2__ To fit or cause to fit together closely or neatly: _he dovetailed his arguments to the desired conclusion._ :es: encajar; enlazar  
__downplay__ _vt_ :nine::m: To minimize the significance of; play down: _downplayed the bad news._ _Do not downplay your dreams._  
__duress__ _n_ :nine::m: /dur-RESS/ __1__ Compulsion by use of force or threat; constraint; coercion (often in the phrase _under duress_). _The ability to think under duress._ _The defense asserts that the defendant’s confession was made under duress._ __2__ (Law) The illegal exercise of coercion. __3__ Confinement; imprisonment.  
__dwindle__ _v_ :nine::m: (dwindled, dwindling) __1__ To decrease, shrink, diminish, reduce in size. __2__ To fall away in quality; degenerate, sink.  
__egregious__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m: /ih-GREE-juss/ /ih-gree-juhs, -jee-uhs/ Something that is egregious stands out, but not in a good way — it means “really bad or offensive.” If you make an egregious error during a championship soccer match, your coach might bench you for the rest of the game. Extraordinary in some bad way; glaring; flagrant: _an egregious mistake; an egregious liar._  
__elope__ _vi_ :nine::m::dart: (elopes, eloped) Run away secretly in order to get married. _Later he eloped with one of the housemaids._ _Katie was planning to elope with Brendan._  
__embezzle__ _v_ :nine::m: /ɪmˈbɛz(ə)l,ɛm-/ /im-BEZZ-ul/ (embezzling, embezzlement) Steal or misappropriate (money placed in one’s trust or belonging to the organization for which one works). _Syn_ misappropriate, steal, rob, thieve, pilfer, appropriate _She had embezzled £5,600,000 in company funds._ _He is awaiting trial on charges of helping emblezzle and laundeer $10 million through Delaware shells._ :es: malversación  
__enact__ _v_ :nine::m: (enacted, enacting) Make (a bill or other proposal) law. _Legislation was enacted in 1987 to attract international companies._ _Syn_ pass, make law, legislate  
__encompass__ _v_ :nine::m::mega: /ɪnˈkʌmpəs/ __1__ To enclose within a circle; surround. __2__ To bring about; cause to happen; contrive: _he encompassed the enemy’s ruin._ __3__ To have as part of something larger; include. _Syn_ include _A galaxy encompassing billions of stars._ _Very large-scale computing encompasses a varied range of systems._ __4__ To include entirely or comprehensively: _this book encompasses the whole range of knowledge._  
__encroach__ _v_ :nine::m: (encroaching) __1__ To take another’s possessions or rights gradually or stealthily: _encroach on a neighbor’s land._ __2__ To advance beyond proper or former limits: _desert encroaching upon grassland._ :es: ir comiéndole el terreno a alguien, traspasar, invadir  
__ensconce__ _vt_ :mega::nine::m: /in-SKAHNSS/ Someone or something ensconced is firmly placed or hidden. Ensconce can be a synonym of shelter and conceal, or of establish and settle. Establish or settle (someone) in a comfortable, safe place. _Agnes ensconced herself in their bedroom._ _The sculpture is safely ensconced behind glass._ _He ensconced himself in the library’s back room for the afternoon._  
__entail<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: /ɪnˈteɪl/ __1__ To have, impose, or require as a necessary accompaniment or consequence: _The investment entailed a high risk._  
__enthuse__ _v_ :nine::m: (enthused, enthusing) __1__ To speak with or show enthusiasm. __2__ To cause to become enthusiastic. _It has enthused fans._ :es: entusiasmar; entusiasmarse  
__entrench__ _v_ :nine::m: (entrenched) Establish (an attitude, habit, or belief) so firmly that change is very difficult or unlikely. _Ageism is entrenched in our society._ _Syn_ establish, settle  
__entrenched__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ (of an attitude, habit, or belief) Firmly established and difficult or unlikely to change; ingrained. Established firmly and securely. _The entrenched power of the nobility._ _An entrenched resistance to change._ __2__ Established firmly and securely. _The entrenched power of the nobility._  
__epitome__ _n_ :nine::m::mega: /ɪˈpɪt ə mi/ /ih-PIT-uh-mee/ A person or thing that is a perfect example of a particular quality or type. _Syn_ personification, embodiment, incarnation _She looked the epitome of elegance and good taste._  
__ethos__ _n_ :dart::nine::m: /ˈi θɒs, ˈi θoʊs, ˈɛθ ɒs, -oʊs/ /EE-thahss/ _Ethos_ refers to the guiding beliefs of a person, group, or organization. The disposition, character, or fundamental values peculiar to a specific person, people, culture, or movement. :es: espíritu; escala de valores _The company made environmental awareness part of its business ethos._ _They cultivated a subversive alternative ethos._ _The ethos of employees helping one another has stayed strong._ _The D.I.Y. ethos._ _The militaristic ethos of SWAT._ :es: espíritu, escala de valores  
__evict<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: /ɪˈvɪkt/ To force out or expel, especially to remove (a tenant) from rented accommodation or land by a legal process. :es: desahuciar, desalojar  
__exacerbate__ _v_ :nine::m: /ig-ZASS-er-bayt/ (exacerbated, exacerbating) Make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse. _Rising inflation was exacerbated by the collapse of oil prices._ _Syn_ aggravate, make worse, worsen  
__exact__ _vt_ :nine::m: /ig-ZAKT/ __1__ To force or compel (payment or performance); extort: _to exact tribute._ __2__ To exact something (such as payment or revenge) is to demand it and get it, especially by using force or threats. To demand and obtain by force or authority. To demand as a right; insist upon: _to exact respect from one’s employees._ _A harsh leader who exacts obedience._ _Tales of Christie exacting revenge._ _They exacted all the spare parts from him._ __3__ To call for or require: _this work exacts careful effort._ _Exact_ is also used in phrases like “exact a terrible toll” and “exact a high/heavy price” to say that something has caused a lot of suffering, loss, etc. _It serves fine local produce, cooked to chef Jane’s exacting standards._  
__exert__ _v_ :nine::m: (exerted) To use your authority, power, influence, etc. to make something happen. _To exert due diligence._  
__exertion__ _n_ :nine::m: /ɪgˈzɜr ʃən/ __1__ Vigorous action or effort. __2__ An effort: _a great exertion to help others._ __3__ Exercise, as of power or faculties. __4__ An instance of this. _Her face was bright with exertion._  
__exhilarating__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ɪɡˈzɪləˌreɪtɪŋ/ Causing strong feelings of excitement and happiness: _an exhilarating helicopter trip._ _It is an exhilarating thought._ _Exhilarating adventure._  
__expedite__ _v_ :dart::nine::m: /EK-spuh-dyte/ To speed up the progress of or execute quickly. To expedite something is to speed up its process or progress. Expedite can also mean “to carry out promptly.” _Wear easy on/off shoes to expedite security, take off your belt and clear out your pockets._ _To expedite the processing of your request, please include your account number on all documents._  
__expenditure__ _n_ :nine::m: (expenditures) In a trip budget, you need to add up all your expenditures, such as hotel, car rental and food costs against the money you have brought to spend. An expenditure is money spent on something. Expenditure is often used when people are talking about budgets. It is the government’s job to decide what to do with tax money collected, or in other words, to determine the expenditure of public funds. The word is more than a long way of saying expense. In business, an expenditure implies an investment, something that will bring value over time. _Going to the theater is our number one expenditure._ _Energy expenditure._  
__extol__ _vt_ :nine::m: (extol, extolled, extolling) To praise highly; exalt. _But he extols running as what helps him stay clean._  
__extricate__ _vt_ :nine::m: /EK-struh-kayt/ To remove or free from complication, hindrance, or difficulty. To free or remove someone or something from an entanglement or difficulty. To _extricate_ someone or something is to free or remove that person or thing from an entanglement or difficulty, such as a trap or a difficult conversation. _Syn_ disencumber, disentangle _It will take quite a hefty sum to extricate me from my financial difficulties._ _She hasn’t been able to extricate herself from her legal problems._ _Rescue crews extricated him from the car._ _Firefighters extricated the passengers from the wreckage._  
__facetious__ _adj_ :nine::m::astonished::pencil2: /fəˈsi ʃəs/ /fuh-SEE-shuss/ Not to be taken seriously; amusing; humorous; frivolous. Playfully jocular; humorous. _Syn_ bantering, tongue-in-cheek _I was only being facetious._ _She was quite gullible and could never tell when his remarks were facetious or when he was being serious._  
__fallout__ _n informal_ :nine::m::dart: Side-effects; secondary consequences. _The fallout from the release of the emails threatened to undermine Mr. Christie’s carefully cultivated image._ _The Fukushima fallout._  
__fare<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A transportation charge, as for a bus. __2__ A passenger transported for a fee. __3__ Food and drink; diet: _simple home-cooked fare._ _Irish fare._ _Atwood Café is a favorite for comfort food fare._ _Master chef Jean crafts beautiful, regional and seasonal French fare._ _Fare from the plethora of roving food trucks._ _Pan-Asian fare._ _Hearty fare._ _Enjoy casual fare in the lower level dining concourse._ _Are you looking for a late-night fare?_ _A dinner different from our usual fare._  
__fare<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: (fares, fared, faring) __1__ _formal_ __a__ To get along; to succeed or do. _Mrs. Clinton fared well in California._ _Investment banks have fared particularly well._ _These models fare much better than I would have predicted._ _How would you fare against the world’s top athletes?_ _The second missile fared slightly better than the first._ _It’s still unclear how well GPT-4 will fare in a domain like health care._ __b__ To happen. __2__ _archaic_ To travel.  
__felon__ _n_ :nine::m: A person who has committed a felony. _Hairston has been tied to a felon through rental cars._  
__festoon<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: /fess-TOON/ (festooned) __1__ To hang or form festoons round (a room, etc.). To hang decorative chains or strips on. _The students festooned the gymnasium with streamers and bunting for the dance._ __2__ To cover (something) profusely and gaily with decorations. To cover or decorate (something) with many small objects, pieces of paper, etc. _Tiny wildflowers festooned the meadow._ _His podium was festooned with a sign._  
__field__ _v_ :nine::m: (fielded, fielding) __1__ _cricket, baseball_ Attempt to catch or stop the ball and return it after it has been hit by the batsman or batter, thereby preventing runs being scored or base runners advancing. __2__ Send out (a team or individual) to play in a game. __3__ Answer adequately or successfully. _To field questions._ _Fielding emails._ _Fielding offers._ _The press office fielded numerous calls from the media._  
__flair__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A special or instinctive aptitude or ability for doing something well. _Syn_ aptitude, talent, gift, knack _She had a flair for languages._ __2__ Stylishness and originality. _Syn_ style _He hopes to bring back that flair._  
__fledgling__ _adj_ :nine::m::pencil2: __1__ A young bird that has just fledged. :es: pichón __2__ A person or organization that is immature, inexperienced, or underdeveloped. _Fledgling entrepreneurs._  
__flounder__ _vi_ :nine::m: /floun′dər, ˈflaʊndə/ /FLOUN-der/ To flounder is to struggle, whether that struggle is about moving or obtaining footing (as in “horses floundering through deep snow”) or about knowing what to do or say. __1__ To stagger or thrash about ineffectually in soft mud or water. _Floundering in and out of deep pools._ :es: andar dificultosamente __2__ To behave or speak in a blundering or incompetent way, as a result of being at a loss. :es: perder el hilo  
__flout__ _v_ :nine::m: (flouts, flouted, flouting) /flaʊt/ __1__ To ignore or disregard (a rule or convention, for example) in an open or defiant way. _Syn_ defy, refuse to obey, go against, rebel against, scorn, disdain _Objections by businesses and the agriculture community, which flouted the law._ _Illegal campers who persist in flouting the law._ _Public flouting of ordinances was to blame._ :es: no prestar atención a; ignorar; incumplir __2__ To show disdain or scorn; scoff, mock, or gibe. Laugh at with contempt and derision. :es: burlarse de  
__fluke__ _n_ :nine::m::mega: /fluːk/ An unlikely chance occurrence, especially a surprising piece of luck. _Syn_ chance, coincidence, accident _His recent victory against Silva was no fluke._  
__flummox__ _vt_ :nine::m::dart: /FLUM-uks/ (flummoxed) To confuse; perplex. _Syn_ baffle, bewilder, nonplus, puzzle _The game was designed to flummox its players, presenting them with a series of complex riddles._ _Why the error message kept popping up flummoxed the computer tech._  
__flurry__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ An occasion when there is a lot of activity, interest, excitement, etc. within a short period of time: _a sudden flurry of activity_ A sudden burst or commotion; a stir: _a flurry of interest in the new product; a flurry of activity when the plane landed._ _After Emancipation, a passionate flurry ensued._ _Neymar took a flurry of short steps before unleasing a kick to the right of the goalkeeper._ __2__ A small amount of snow, rain, etc. that falls for a short time and then stops: _snow flurries_ :es: _(of snow)_ temporal  
__flutter<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (fluttered, flutters, fluttering) __1__ To wave or flap rapidly in an irregular manner: _curtains that fluttered in the breeze._ _Banners fluttering in the wind._ __2a__ To fly by a quick light flapping of the wings. __b__ To flap the wings without flying. __3__ To move or fall in a manner suggestive of tremulous flight: _“Her arms rose, fell, and fluttered with the rhythm of the song”_ (Evelyn Waugh). _One hand fluttering under the water._ _Two pieces of paper fluttered to the floor._ __4__ To vibrate or beat rapidly or erratically: _My heart fluttered wildly._ __5__ To move quickly in a nervous, restless, or excited fashion; flit.  
__foible__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈfɔɪbəl/ /FOY-bul/ A minor weakness or failing of character. A behavioral attribute that is distinctive and peculiar to an individual. Foibles are minor flaws or shortcomings in character or behavior. In fencing, foible refers to the part of a sword’s blade between the middle and point, which is considered the weakest part. _He was amused daily by the foibles of his eccentric neighbor._ :es: manía _Syn_ fault, defect, imperfection _His father’s foibles did not prevent his son from loving and honoring him._  
__forfeit<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (forfeited, forfeiting) Lose or be deprived of (property or a right or privilege) as a penalty for wrongdoing. _Those unable to meet their taxes were liable to forfeit their estates._ _I cannot believe my soul will be forfeit._ _We actually had to forfeit a game or two for not having enough players._  
__forgo__ _v_ :dart::nine::m: (forgoes) Go without (something desirable). _Syn_ do without, go without, give up _Iran could simply forgo all indigenous nuclear power development._ _The Black Prince refused to forgo the battle._ :es: abstenerse de  
__forlorn__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Pitifully sad and abandoned or lonely. _Forlorn figures at bus stops._ _Syn_ unhappy, sad __2__ (of an aim or endeavour) Unlikely to succeed or be fulfilled. _A forlorn attempt to escape._ _A forlorn dream._ _Syn_ hopeless, with no chance of success, beyond hope  
__fraught__ _adj_ :nine::m: /FRAWT/ __1__ (of a situation or course of action) Filled with (something undesirable). When fraught is used in the phrase “fraught with,” it means “full of something bad or unwanted.” _Ever since their cat went missing, the atmosphere in their apartment has been fraught._ _The paper was poorly researched and fraught with errors._ _Marketing any new product is fraught with danger._ _Predicting the future is fraught with danger._ __2__ Causing or having a lot of emotional stress or worry. Causing or affected by anxiety or stress. _One of the most fraught jobs in government._  
__fray<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (frayed) _(of a person’s nerves or temper)_ Show the effects of strain. _Syn_ strain, tax, overtax, irritate, put on edge _The alliance between the groups frayed._  
__freewheeling__ _adj_ :nine::m: _informal_ Unrestrained in manner, actions, etc.; uninhibited. Not concerned with or constrained by rules, conventions, or responsibilities. _Syn_ devil-may-care, happy-go-lucky, harum-scarum, slaphappy, carefree _Enjoy your fun while you can because it won’t be long before you have to bid farewell to your freewheeling lifestyle and settle down._ _Freewheeling style._ _She was freewheeling downhill when she heard a car and put her feet back on the pedals._ _Freewheeling phone calls._ _Freewheeling style._ _A freewheeling conversation._ _The listener expects a freewheeling conversation._ _Let your creative mind freewheel._  
__fret<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: /FRET/ __1__ To distress or be distressed; worry. _He fretted over his parents._ __2__ To rub or wear away. __3__ To irritate or be irritated; feel or give annoyance or vexation.  
__frugal__ _adj_ :nine::m: /FROO-gul/ Someone described as frugal is careful about spending money or using things unnecessarily. _Frugal_ can also describe something that is simple and plain in a way that reflects such carefulness with money and resources. __1__ Practicing or marked by economy, as in the expenditure of money or the use of material resources. __2__ Simple or costing little; meager or inexpensive: _a frugal lunch._ _Sometimes a frugal meal of bread, cheese, and grapes can be just as satisfying as a lavish feast._  
__gaggle__ _n informal_ :dart::nine::m: A disorderly group of people. _A gaggle of Phillies fans taunted him._ _The media gaggle._ _A gaggle of students._ _A gaggle of geese._ _A gaggle of businessmen._ _A gaggle of mystery digests._ _A gaggle of tourists._  
__galvanize__ _v_ :nine::m: /GAL-vuh-nyze/ __1__ To startle into sudden activity; stimulate. To stimulate by an electric current: _to galvanize muscles or nerves._ __2__ To galvanize people is to cause them to be so excited or concerned about something that they are driven to action. To cause (people) to take action on something that they are excited or concerned about. _The council’s proposal to close the library has galvanized the town’s residents._ __3__ To coat (metal, esp. iron or steel) with zinc.  
__garner__ _vt_ :nine::m: /GAHR-ner/ (garnered, garnering) __1__ To collect or gather something. _The researchers garnered more evidence to support their theory._ Gather or collect (something, especially information or approval). _The police struggled to garner sufficient evidence._ _Syn_ gather, collect, accumulate, amass, assemble __2__ To get or receive something wanted or valued. _The author’s novel has garnered much praise and several awards._  
__gaunt__ _adj_ :nine::m: Very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold. Thin and bony; angular. _Syn_ cadaverous, haggard, pinched, skeletal, wasted _Gaunt eyes._ _Gaunt drifter._ _Two enormous gaunt wolves._ :es: demacrado  
__gestalt__ _n_ :nine::m: A physical, biological, psychological, or symbolic configuration or pattern of elements so unified as a whole that its properties cannot be derived from a simple summation of its parts. _Gestalt therapy._  
__ghastly<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m::mute:[g~~h~~astly] __1__ _informal_ Very bad or unpleasant. _Distract yourself from this ghastly thing we call 2020._ _A ghastly affair._ __2__ Deathly pale; wan. __3__ _informal_ Extremely unwell; ill: _they felt ghastly after the party._ __4__ Terrifying; horrible.  
__giddy__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Very excited and happy. __2__ Suddenly feeling that you might become unconscious and fall. _He felt giddy._ _Luke felt almost giddy with relief._ _Syn_ dizzy, light-headed, faint, weak :es: mareado  
__give it up for__ _phr v_ :nine::m: Applaud. _Please, give it up for our next guest!_ _Give it up for my friend Adam!_  
__glean__ _vt_ :dart:nine::m: /GLEEN/ /ɡliːn, glin/ __1__ To gather grain or other produce left by reapers. __2__ To gather information or material bit by bit, or in a gradual way. To collect or pick up small amounts of news, facts, etc. :es: recoger, recopilar __3a__ To pick up after a reaper. __b__ To strip of the leavings of reapers. :es: espigar; recoger __4a__ To gather (something, such as information) bit by bit. __b__ To pick over in search of relevant material. __5__ Find out. _Glean_ can also be used to mean “to search (something) carefully” and “to find out.”  
__gnaw__ _v_ :nine::m::mute:[~~g~~naw] /nɔː/ (gnawed, gnaw out) To erode or diminish gradually as if by gnawing. _Syn_ chew, bite, nibble _Waves gnawing the rocky shore; watching a dog gnaw at a big bone._ _A demographic crisis gnawing at the industry._  
__gouge<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ To cut or scoop out with or as if with a gouge: _“He began to gouge a small pattern in the sand with his cane” (Vladimir Nabokov)._ _The doctors gouged the brains._ __2a__ To force out the eye of (a person) with one’s thumb. __b__ To thrust one’s thumb into the eye of. _Gouging of eyes._ __3__ _Informal_ To extort from. __4__ _Slang_ To swindle. _Consumers gouged by tricks and traps._  
__grapple<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :dart::nine::m: (grapples, grappled, grappling) __1__ Engage in a close fight or struggle without weapons; wrestle. _Passers-by grappled with the man after the knife attack._ _Syn_ wrestle, struggle, tussle __2__ Seize hold of (someone). _He grappled the young man around the throat._ _Syn_ seize, grab __3__ Struggle to deal with or overcome (a difficulty or challenge). _Other towns are still grappling with the problem._ _Syn_ tackle, confront  
__graze<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (grazed, grazing) __1__ To feed on growing grasses and herbage. _Some species can graze on the extra algae._ __2__ To scrape or touch something lightly in passing. _Police confirm a young girl was grazed by a bullet._ __3__ To break the skin of (a part of the body) by scraping.  
__gridiron__ _n_ :nine::m: /GRID-eye-ern/ __1__ A framework of metal bars on which food is placed to be cooked; a grill. __2__ Any arrangement of horizontal and perpendicular lines or elements; a grid. __3__ _informal_ __a__ An Americal football field. __b__ The game of American football.  
__grit__ _n informal_ :nine::m: (gritty, grittier) Indomitable courage, toughness, or resolution. _A gritty 101-97 overtime win against the Memphis Grizzlies._ :es: (courage) valor  
__gritty__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Composed of or covered with particles resembling meal in texture or consistency. __2__ Courageous; hardy; resolute. Willing to face danger. _Syn_ game, gamey, gamy, mettlesome, spirited, spunky, brave, courageous _The gritty determination._ _A gritty victory._  
__guffaw<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (guffaws, guffawed, guffawing) To laugh loudly or boisterously.  
__gullible__ _adj_ :nine::m::mega::smiling_imp: /GULL-uh-bul/ Naive and easily deceived or tricked. Easily deceived or duped. _Syn_ fleeceable, green  
__gush<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (gushes, gushed, gushing) __1__ To flow forth suddenly in great volume: water gushing from a hydrant. _Kids were dancing in the gushing water._ __2__ To emit a sudden and abundant flow, as of tears. __3__ To make an excessive display of sentiment or enthusiasm: gushed over the baby.  
__hail<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (hails, hailed, hailing) __1__ To greet. __2__ To praise enthusiastically. _The government is hailing Liverpool’s testing pilot as a great success._ _The crowds hailed the boxing champion._ _Figure’s CEO hails new breakthrough in using AI to train robots._ __3__ To call out loudly in order to gain the attention of. _She was hailing a ride home._ __4__ Said of the weather when hail is falling.  
__hapless__ _adj_ :nine::m: Use the adjective hapless to describe someone unlucky and deserving of pity, like the hapless used car buyer who gives in to the fast-talking salesperson. The word hapless traces all the way back to the Old Norse word happ, meaning “chance, good luck.” Combine this with the suffix -less (“lacking”) and hapless means “unlucky” or “ill-fated.” _The Pentagon is hapless and helpless._ :es: desventurado  
__harry__ _vt_ :nine::m: /HAIR-ee/ __1__ To make a destructive raid on (enemy territory). __2__ To force to move along by harassing. __3__ To torment by or as if by constant attack. To harry someone or something is to harass or torment them by or as if by constant attack. _The visiting team harried the home team relentlessly during the first quarter._ _The weather will continue to harry firefighters._ _A harried mom._ _Harried souls._  
__hatch<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: (hatches, hatched) __3__ To contrive or devise (a scheme, plot, etc). To devise or originate, especially in secret: _hatch an assassination plot._ _I hatched a crazy passion project 6 months ago._ _A plan hatched during a road trip._ _Hatching tech secrets._ _The Play hatched plans at picnics._  
__haunch__ _n_ :nine::m::camera: (haunches) __1__ _Anatomy_ The human hip or fleshy hindquarter of an animal, _esp_ a horse or similar quadruped. __2__ _Cookery_ The leg and loin of an animal, used for food: _a haunch of venison._ _Haunches of antelope._  
__hearth__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ The floor of a fireplace in a house and the area around it. _A log fire roaring in the hearth._ _Hearth repair._ __2__ Home symbolized as a part of the fireplace. _The fishing port of Jonqueres had 354 taxable hearths._ _Hearth tax._  
__hearty<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m::astonished: __1__ Expressed warmly, exuberantly, and unrestrainedly: _a hearty welcome._ _Hearty fare._ __2__ Complete or thorough; unequivocal: _hearty support._ __3__ Vigorous; robust: _a hearty glow of health._ __4a__ Enjoying or requiring much food: _a hearty appetite._ __b__ Providing abundant nourishment; substantial: _a hearty meal._ _Hearty food._ _Hearty portions._ _A hearty steakhouse menu._  
__hectic__ _adj_ :nine::m::dart: Characterized by intense activity, confusion, or haste. _Syn_ frantic, chaotic, frenzied, heated, wild, excited, furious, fevered, animated, turbulent, flurrying, frenetic, boisterous, feverish, tumultuous, flustering, riotous, rumbustious _The two days we spent there were enjoyable but hectic._ _The hectic pace of the city._ _A beautiful diversion from your hectic day._ :es: agitado  
__heed__ _v_ :nine::m: /hiːd/ To pay close attention to (somebody or something.) _Trump supporters should heed calls from Democrats to limit executive power._ :es: hacer caso de  
__henchman__ _n_ :nine::m: (henchmen) /HENCH-mun/ A trusted follower who may perform unpleasant, wrong, or illegal tasks for a powerful person (such as a politician or criminal). Someone who assists in a plot. _Syn_ collaborator, partner in crime, confederate _The chuckling henchman showed that feeding alligators had its downfalls._ _The play opens with the main character, a gangster, onstage surrounded by his henchmen._  
__herald__ _vt_ :nine::m::mega: /HAIR-uld/ (heralded) __1__ _Herald_ is a verb meaning “to give notice of”; it is synonymous with _announce_, _publicize_, and _foreshadow_. _Herald_ may also mean “to greet especially with enthusiasm.” To proclaim, especially with enthusiasm; announce or acclaim: _cheers that heralded the team’s arrival._ _The community heralded his work._ _They have a heralded arrival to Coney Island on the “bus of champions.”_ __2__ To be a sign of; foreshadow: _The discovery heralds a new era in drug treatment._  
__hew__ _v_ :nine::m: /HYOO/ (hewing, hewn) _literary_ To cut something with a cutting tool. _The council then tweaked its own proposal so that it would hew to the LDP version._ _Hewing firewood._ _A hand-hewn cave._  
__heyday__ _n_ :nine::m: (haydays) The period of one’s greatest popularity, vigor, or prosperity.  
__hitherto<sup>1</sup>__ _adv_ :nine::m: Until this time.  
__hobble<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (hobbled, hobbling) __1__ To fetter by tying the legs; to restrict (a horse) with hobbles. __2__ To walk lame, or unevenly. _He hobbled on a sore ankle._ __3__ _(figuratively)_ To move roughly or irregularly. _A few shops were hobbled in 2015._  
__holistic__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Based on the idea that you should take care of your whole body and mind, rather than just treating a part of the body that is ill. _A holistic approach to cancer._ __2__ Thinking about the whole of something, and not just dealing with particular aspects. _A holistic approach to the region’s development._  
__hoot<sup>1</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: __1__ To utter the characteristic cry of an owl. __2__ To make a loud raucous cry, especially of derision or contempt.  
__hoot<sup>2/sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To shout down or drive off with jeering cries: _hooted the speaker off the platform._ _The driver of the car behind hooted again._ _Hooting and hollering is encouraged._ _Cats hooting._ __2__ To express or convey by hooting: _hooted their disgust._  
__hotbed__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈhɒtˌbɛd/ A situation that is ideal for rapid development (especially of something bad). _It was a hotbed of vice._ :es: semillero  
__hubris__ _n_ :dart::nine::m: Excessive pride or self-confidence; arrogance. _Syn_ pride, vanity, arrogance, conceit, self-importance, haughtiness, conceitedness _Intellectual hubris._  
__huff<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: To say something in a way that shows you are annoyed, often because someone has offended you.  
__hump<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ To bend or round into a hump; arch. __2a__ _(Slang)_ To exert (oneself). __b__ _(Slang)_ To carry, especially on the back. __3__ _(Vulgar Slang)_ To engage in sexual intercourse with.  
__hurl__ _v_ :nine::m: Throw (an object) with great force. _Rioters hurled a brick through the windshield of a car._ _An ethnic slur hurled at her._ _Syn_ throw, toss, fling, pitch, cast _Inmates hurling stones._ :es: lanzar, arrojar  
__impasse__ _n_ :nine::m::pencil2: Deadlock or stalemate. A situation that is so difficult that no progress can be made. _Syn_ dead end, deadlock, stalemate, standstill _At impasse._  
__impeccable__ _adj_ :nine::m::pencil2: __1__ Free from fault or blame. _Syn_ flawless __2__ Not capable of sinning or liable to sin.  
__impending__ _adj_ :nine::m: If something is impending, it is about to happen; it is imminent. If you hear thunder in the distance, you might go inside to escape the impending storm. _Impending deadline._ _(vs looming deadline)_  
__impervious__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m: /ɪmˈpɜːvɪəs, ɪmˈpɜr vi əs/ __1__ Incapable of being penetrated: _a material impervious to water._ __2__ Incapable of being affected: _impervious to fear._ _The donjon was impervious to time._  
__inane__ _adj_ :nine::m::mega: Empty, pointless, lacking sense, complacently foolish: _I was bored by the lecturer’s inane presentation._ _Asking inane questions._ _Syn_ asinine, fatuous, vacuous, mindless  
__ineffable__ _adj_ :nine::m: /in-EFF-uh-bul/ Ineffable is used to describe something that is indescribable or unspeakable and that cannot be expressed in words. It is also used for things which are taboo and are not to be uttered. Incapable of being expressed. _Syn_ indescribable, unspeakable, untellable, unutterable, indefinable _Ed felt an ineffable joy at the sight of his daughter walking toward him from the plane._  
__infamous__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Causing or deserving a bad reputation; shocking: _infamous conduct._ _Princess Leia’s infamous dual-bun hairstyle._ __2__ Disgraceful.  
__injunction__ _n_ :nine::m: /ɪnˈdʒʌŋ(k)ʃ(ə)n/ /in-JUNK-shun/ An authoritative warning or order. _Syn_ order, ruling, direction, directive, command, instruction, demand _The school requested to lift the injunction._  
__inkling__ _n_ :nine::m: /INK-ling/ __1__ A slight suggestion; hint; intimation: _They gave us no inkling of what was going to happen._ _The first inkling of trouble came in an early morning email from a friend._ __2__ Inkling refers to a slight, uncertain idea about something, or to a slight amount of knowledge about something. A vague idea or notion; slight understanding: _I don’t have an inkling of how it works._  
__intersperse__ _v_ :nine::m: /in-ter-SPERSS/ (interspersed) __1__ To place or insert something at intervals in or among other things. To distribute among other things at intervals: _interspersed red and blue tiles on the walls; intersperse praise with constructive criticism._ _The author has interspersed the guidebook with pictures of the different animals tourists might encounter on the safari._ __2__ To supply or diversify with things distributed at intervals: _interspersed lamp fixtures on the large ceiling; a newspaper section that was interspersed with advertisements._  
__jab<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (jabbed, jabbing) Poke roughly or quickly, especially with something sharp or pointed. _She jabbed him in his ribs._ _Syn_ poke, prod  
__jar<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (jarred, jarring) __1__ To be disturbing or irritating; grate: _The incessant talking jarred on my nerves._ __2__ To shake or shiver from impact. _His right foot jarred against the road._ __3__ To clash or conflict: _“We ourselves often jar with the landscape.” (Isak Dinesen)._ __4__ To bump or cause to move or shake from impact. __5__ To startle or unsettle; shock. _Jarring evidence._  
__jaunty__ _adj_ :nine::m: /JAWN-tee/ /JON/JAHN-tee/ __1__ Sprightly; lively: _walking at a jaunty pace; music with jaunty rhythms._ _A jaunty tune._ __2__ Lively; self-confident. Lively in manner or appearance. _The server whistled a jaunty tune as she wiped the tables and set out fresh flowers in preparation for the day’s diners._ Having or expressing a buoyant or self-confident air: _a jaunty grin; a hat worn at a jaunty angle._  
__jostle__ _v_ :nine::m::camera: (jostled, jostling) __1__ To compete for something. _Two candidates jostling for votes._ _Cows are jostling for space._ _Jostled anew._ __2__ To push against someone because you are trying to move past them in a crowd. _We managed to jostle our way to the front._  
__juggernaut__ _n_ :nine::m::dart: /ˈdʒʌɡəˌnɔːt/ /JUG-er-nawt/ Juggernaut means a massive force. If the army marching into your country is a juggernaut, you’re doomed. If you’re trying to market a new Cola product, you’re up against corporate giant Coca-Cola, a beverage juggernaut if ever there was one. A massive force, campaign, movement, or object that crushes whatever is in its path. _Syn_ steamroller _The imperial juggernaut._ _With the signing of a player who is possibly the best receiver in the league, the team will be an offensive juggernaut._ _Jinx-killing juggernaut._  
__keen__ _adj_ :nine::m: (keener, keenest) If you have a keen interest in something, you are really, really into it. Keen is an adjective that describes something that is intense, sharp, or focused. The adjective keen comes from the Old English word cene that translates to “bold and brave” and while the spelling is now really different, the sounds are similar. Variations of keen as being “bold” and “strong” show up in other languages like Old Norse, German, Dutch, but apparently only English has the meaning of “sharp” — relating to “an edge or blade.” Keen has a lot of close — and brutal — synonyms, such as caustic, cutting, piercing, and penetrating! _Keen interest._ _The native digital companies are keen on TV._ _We are keen walkers._  
__kink<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: (kinks) __1__ A sharp twist or bend in a wire, rope, hair, etc, esp one caused when it is pulled tight. _I was getting the kinks out._ __6__ _US_ A clever or unusual idea. _Let them work out the kinks._  
__knead__ _v_ :nine::m::mute:[~~k~~nead] (kneaded, kneading) __1__ To work (dough, clay, etc.) into a uniform mixture by pressing, folding, and stretching. :es: amasar __2__ To manipulate by similar movements, as the body in a massage. :es: masajear __3__ To make by kneading: _to knead bread._  
__lackluster__ _adj_ :nine::m: /LAK-luss-ter/ Lacking in vitality, force, or conviction; uninspired or uninspiring. _Technical glitches have contributed to the lackluster response._ _A lackluster 1-0 victory at Malaga._  
__lambast__ _vt_ :nine::m: _informal_ (also lambaste) (lambasted, lambasting) __1__ To beat or whip severely. __2__ To reprimand harshly; berate.  
__landslide__ _n_ :nine::m: __1a__ The downward sliding of a relatively dry mass of earth and rock. __b__ The mass that slides. Also called landslip. __2a__ A percentage of votes greatly exceeding the required margin of victory. _Kasich scored a landslide victory in a swing state._ __b__ An election that sweeps a party or candidate into office. __3__ A great victory. _I will win the game by a near landslide._  
__largesse__ _n_ :nine::m::pencil2: /lahr-ZHESS/ (largess) __1a__ Liberality in bestowing gifts, especially in a lofty or condescending manner. __b__ Money or gifts bestowed. __2__ Generosity of spirit or attitude. :es: generosidad _The families who lost their houses in the fire sincerely appreciated the largesse shown by the people from their community._  
__lavish<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Expending or bestowing profusely. _Lavish donors. Lavish in giving praise to her employees._ __2a__ Expended or produced in abundance. _The lavish attentions of his mother —George Meredith._ __b__ Marked by profusion or excess. _A lavish home._ _Lavish fees._ _A lavish castle surrounded by 600 acres of state._  
__leeway__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈliːˌweɪ/ Leeway is a term used to describe the amount of freedom available. If you know you have a paper due on Monday, you might ask your teachers if there is any leeway—could you, say, bring it first thing Tuesday morning? A permissible difference; allowing some freedom to move within limits. A margin of freedom or variation, as of activity, time, or expenditure; latitude. _Syn_ margin, allowance, tolerance _Allowing leeway for students who have low scores._  
__lest__ _conj_ :nine::m: __1__ With the intention of preventing (something undesirable); to avoid the risk of. _He spent whole days in his room, wearing headphones lest he disturb anyone._ __2__ (after a clause indicating fear) Because of the possibility of something undesirable happening; in case. _Syn_ in case, just in case, for fear that, in order to avoid _She sat up late worrying lest he be murdered on the way home._  
__leverage<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: /ˈlɛv ər ɪdʒ, ˈlɛv rɪdʒ; ˈli vər ɪdʒ, -vrɪdʒ/ __3__ To use so as to obtain an advantage or profit: _leveraged their personal contacts to find new investors._ _You can leverage the win32gui package in Python to target specific windows for capture._ _Syn_ take advantage of :es: aprovechar  
__linchpin__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈlɪntʃˌpɪn/ (lynchpin) A central cohesive source of support and stability. _Syn_ backbone, keystone, mainstay, anchor _Reduced spending is the linchpin of their economic program._  
__litany__ _n_ :nine::m::mega: /LIT-uh-nee/ __1__ _Christianity_ A liturgical prayer consisting of a series of petitions recited by a leader alternating with fixed responses by the congregation. __2__ A repetitive recital, series, or list: _the litany of layoffs in recent months by corporate giants._  
__lofty__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Of imposing height. _His lofty perch._ __2__ Elevated in character; exalted. __3__ Affecting grandness; pompous. _A lofty professional career._ _Lofty promises._ __4__ Arrogant; haughty.  
__lore__ _n_ :nine::m: A body of traditions and knowledge on a subject or held by a particular group, typically passed from person to person by word of mouth. Accumulated facts, traditions, or beliefs about a particular subject. _Syn_ traditional knowledge _Crazy folk lore._ :es: saber popular  
__ludicrous__ _adj_ :pencil2::nine::m: /ˈlu dɪ krəs/ /LOO-di-kruhs/ So absurd as to provoke laughter. Ludicrous things are funny, absurd, or nonsensical. If someone says something silly or far-fetched, you could say “That’s ludicrous!” :es: ridículo  
__luncheon__ _n_ :nine::m: Lunch, especially a formal lunch for a lot of people.  
__lurch<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ Walk as if unable to control one’s movements. _Syn_ careen, keel, reel, stagger, swag __1__ (of a ship) To roll or pitch suddenly. Move abruptly. _The ship suddenly lurched to the left._ _Syn_ pitch, shift _We lurched around a bend._ _The cart rumbled and lurched._ __5__ To stagger or sway. _The clock was lurching and stopping._  
__lurk__ _vi_ :nine::m: /ləːk/ __1__ Be or remain hidden so as to wait in ambush for someone or something. _A ruthless killer still lurked in the darkness._ __2__ _informal_ To read messages on an Internet discussion forum without contributing information.  
__lush<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ _(of vegetation)_ Abounding in lavish growth. _A lush green jungle._ _Lush wetlands._ _Their lush outdoor patio._ _A lush tropical forest._ __2__ _(esp of fruits)_ Succulent and fleshy. __3__ Luxurious, elaborate, or opulent. __4__ _slang_ Very attractive or pleasing.  
__maelstrom__ _n_ :nine::m: /MAIL-strum/ __1__ A violent or turbulent situation: _caught in the maelstrom of war._ __2__ A whirlpool of extraordinary size or violence. _Syn_ whirlpool, vortex _Suddenly going down in a maelstrom, within three rods of the planks, he wholly disappeared from view, as if diving under the keel._  
__mar<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::pencil2: (mars, marred) If something is marred, it’s damaged due to a flaw. If the big football game on Sunday ends with a fight among fans of the opposing teams, commentators will say that the game was marred by violence. _A game marred by injuries to key players._ _It marred the week._  
__marquee__ _n_ :nine::m: /mɑːˈkiː/ __1__ A canopy projecting over the entrance to a theatre, hotel, or other building. _The company dismantled its large marquee._ __2__ Leading; pre-eminent. _A marquee player._ _Marquee game._ _Marquee grouping._ _Marquee matchup._ _Marquee phone._ _Marquee events._  
__marshal<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ To bring people or things together and organize them so that they can be used in an effective way. _The community will marshal its resources to help undocumented immigrants._ __2__ To organize information or ideas, especially in order to make an argument. _His ability to marshal facts._  
__meager__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m: (meagre) __1__ Deficient in quality or quantity. _The meager wages._ __2__ Having little flesh.  
__mecca__ _n_ :nine::m: /mĕk′ə/ (Mecca) _(sometimes not capital)_ __1a__ A place that is regarded as the center of an activity or interest. A place that attracts many visitors. _It’s a shopping mecca._ __b__ A goal to which adherents of a religious faith or practice fervently aspire. __2__ A place visited by many people: _a mecca for tourists._ _The City is also a mecca for antique lovers and collectors._  
__meek<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Very quiet and gentle and unwilling to argue with people. _Blessed are the meek._  
__mettle__ _n_ :nine::m::dart: __1__ Courage; spirit. The courage to carry on: _It’s the first real test of his mettle this season._ _This was a game to test his mettle._ _The contestants proved their mettle by completing the triathlon._ __2__ Inherent character.  
__minnow__ _n_ :nine::m: (minnows) __1__ A very small fish that lives in rivers and lakes. __2__ An organization or company that is small and unimportant; a small or insignificant person. _Things get interesting at feeding time, when gallons of minnows are tossed in the pool._  
__mire<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :pencil2::nine::m: (mired) __1a__ To cause to sink or become stuck in mire. __b__ To hinder, entrap, or entangle. _Britain is now mired in crisis._ _He was mired in his fixed mindset._ __2__ To soil with mud or mire.  
__miscreant__ _n_ :nine::m: A miscreant is a person who is bad––who lies, breaks the law, yells at small puppies. It’s a somewhat old-fashioned word, popular with old ladies shocked at having their purses stolen at the opera. A person without moral scruples. _Syn_ reprobate  
__misgiving__ _n_ :nine::m: (misgivings) _(Often plural)_ Uneasiness about the fitness of an action. A feeling of uncertainty, apprehension, or doubt. _Syn_ unease, worry, anxiety, suspicion, reservation, hesitation, distrust, qualm, trepidation, scruple, dubiety _He granted liberty on Monday with misgivings._  
__misnomer__ _n_ :nine::m::pencil2: /miss-NOH-mer/ __1__ A wrong or inaccurate name or designation. _“King crab” is a misnomer—these creatures are not crustaceans at all._ _Syn_ inaccurate name/label/designation, wrong name/label/designation _Peanut is one of the most famous misnomers, because peanuts are legumes, not true nuts._ __2__ The act of wrongly naming or designating, as in “calling complicated and varied climatic changes ‘global warming’ is something of a misnomer.” _To call this “neighborhood policing” would be a misnomer._  
__modicum__ _n_ :nine::m: If you want to describe a small amount of something, try modicum. If you have a modicum of interest in something, you are a little bit interested. Modicum comes from the Latin modicus, for moderate, and modus, for measure. We often use it to mean “any at all,” as if “If you had a modicum of sense (i.e. any sense at all), you’d be able to see that the pencil you’ve spent the last five minutes looking for is tucked behind your ear.” _A modicum of timidity._  
__mollify__ _vt_ :nine::m: /MOL-uh-fy/ /MAH-luh-fye/ [:scroll: From Latin mollis (soft)] (mollified) To calm in temper or feeling; soothe. _Syn_ appease, assuage, conciliate, pacify, placate _She was so outraged that nothing her friends said could mollify her anger._ __1__ To pacify or appease. To soothe in temper or disposition. _The company attempted to mollify its employees by offering them more flexible work schedules._ __2__ To soften or reduce, as in intensity. To reduce in intensity. _The explanation was intended to mollify the manager’s anger._  
__moot<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: [:scroll: _Moot_ derives from _gemōt_, an Old English name for a judicial court. Originally, _moot_ referred to either the court itself or an argument that might be debated by one.] __1__ Subject to debate, dispute, or uncertainty. Open to discussion: debatable. _Whether the temperature rise was mainly due to the greenhouse effect was a moot point._ _Syn_ debatable, open to debate, arguable __2__ Having little or no practical relevance. Of little practical value, hence not worth considering. _The whole matter is becoming increasingly moot._ _The zero-emissions mandate was a moot point._  
__mull<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To think about extensively; ponder. To think carefully about something over a period of time. _Cheney was mulling a Senate bid._ __2__ (Brewing) To heat with sugar and spices to make a hot drink. To heat and spice (wine, for example). _His mug of mulled cider._  
__mull<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: To ruminate; ponder: _mull over a plan._  
__nerd__ _n_ :nine::m: A studious person with few social skills.  
__nestle__ _v_ :nine::m: (nestled) __1__ (intr; often foll by up or down) To snuggle, settle, or cuddle closely. __2__ (intr) To be in a sheltered or protected position; lie snugly. __3__ (tr) To shelter or place snugly or partly concealed, as in a nest. _The tumbler was nestled next to the bottle._  
__nibble<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ (nibbling, nibbled) :nine::m: __1__ To bite at gently and repeatedly. _The little person broke one off and nibbled at it daintily._ _Goats nibbled._ __2__ To eat with small, quick bites or in small morsels: _nibble a cracker._ _You were nibbling on housemade pastries._ __3__ To wear away or diminish bit by bit: _“If you start compromising too early ... they nibble you to death” (People)._ __4__ (intr) To make petty criticisms. __5__ (intr) To consider tentatively or cautiously: _to nibble at an idea._  
__no-no__ _n_ _informal_ :nine::m: (no-nos) Anything that is forbidden or not advisable, as because of being improper or unsafe. _Wives and children were a no-no in anyone’s books._ _What are the no-nos of API testing?_  
__nonchalant__ _adj_ :nine::m: /nahn-shuh-LAHNT/ Behaving calmly and not seeming interested in anything or worried about anything. Having an air of easy unconcern or indifference. _The most experienced public speakers are able to address audiences with a nonchalant ease._  
__notch<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ To cut a notch in. __2__ To record by or as if by making notches: _notched the score on a stick._ __3__ _informal_ To achieve; score: _notched 30 wins in a single season._  
__notwithstanding<sup>1</sup>__ _prep_ :nine::m: In spite of: _The teams played on, notwithstanding the rain._  
__notwithstanding<sup>2</sup>__ _adv_ :nine::m: All the same; nevertheless: _We proceeded, notwithstanding._  
__notwithstanding<sup>3</sup>__ _conj_ :nine::m: In spite of the fact that; although.  
__oblige__ _v_ :nine::m: /uh-BLYJE/ (obliges, obliged) __1__ Make (someone) legally or morally bound to do something. To force or require someone to do something. _Syn_ compel _The law obliges the government to make this information public._ _Doctors are obliged by law to keep patients alive while there is a chance of recovery._ __2__ Do as (someone) asks or desires in order to help or please them. To do a favor for someone. _Syn_ indulge, gratify _They needed help organizing the event, and I was happy to oblige._ _Oblige me by not being sorry for yourself._ __3__ Be indebted or grateful. _Syn_ thankful, grateful _If you can give me a few minutes of your time I’ll be much obliged._ __4__ To do something as a favor, or as though it is a favor.  
__occasion__ _n_ :nine::m::mega::pencil2: /əˈkeɪʒən/ An event that occurs at a critical time. _It was needed only on special occasions._  
__ominous__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m: /AH-muh-nus/ Something described as ominous hints or suggests that something bad is coming or is going to happen. Menacing; threatening: _ominous black clouds; ominous rumblings of discontent._  
__onus__ _n_ :dart::nine::m: /OH-nuss/ __1__ A difficult or disagreeable responsibility or necessity; a burden or obligation. If the onus is on someone to do something, it is their responsibility or duty to do it. Onus is a formal word that means “a responsibility, obligation, or burden.” It is usually preceded by the word _the._ _Management has made it clear that the onus is on employees to ask for further training if they don’t understand the new procedures._ _Ward’s statement puts the onus back on us._ _The onus for change._ __2__ It can also be used in some contexts as a synonym for blame or stigma.  
__ooze__ _v_ :nine::m: (oozes, oozed, oozing) __1__ _(of a fluid)_ Slowly trickle or seep out of something. _Blood was oozing from a wound in his scalp._ _Oozing lava._ _Ketchup oozing from the bottle._ _Syn_ seep, discharge, flow, exude, trickle, drip __2__ Give a powerful impression of (a quality). _She oozes a raunchy sex appeal._ _Syn_ exude, gush _Oozing with talent._  
__ordeal__ _n_ :nine::m: A very unpleasant and prolonged experience. :es: experiencia horrorosa  
__ornate__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ɔrˈneɪt/ __1__ Elaborately, heavily, and often excessively ornamented. _The ornate front entrance._ __2__ Elaborate or showy, as in style: __ornate rhetoric.__  
__outbreak__ _n_ :nine::m::astonished: __1__ A sudden increase: _an outbreak of influenza._ __2__ A sudden eruption; an outburst: _“an outbreak of strikes, violent agitation, and arrests” (Samuel Chew)._  
__outcry__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ An exclamation or shout. __2__ A strong expression of public disapproval or anger. _Syn_ protest(s), protestation(s), complaints, howls of protest, objections _The public outcry over the bombing._  
__outing__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A short pleasure trip. _Country club outings._ __2__ _informal_ The act of revealing somebody’s homosexuality against their will.  
__outlandish__ _adj_ :nine::m: /out-LAN-dish/ Looking or sounding bizarre or unfamiliar. _Outlandish_ describes things that are strikingly strange or unusual; in this use, it’s a synonym of _bizarre._ _Outlandish_ can also describe things, such as claims, rumors, and accusations, that go beyond reasonable limits or standards. _Silva’s outlandish attire._ _An outlandish claim._  
__outspoken__ _adj_ :nine::m::pencil2: Frank in stating one’s opinions, especially if they are shocking or controversial. _Syn_ forthright, direct, candid, frank, straightforward, honest  
__overly__ _adv_ :dart::nine::m: Excessively. _She was a jealous and overly possessive woman._ _Syn_ unduly, excessively, inordinately, too, to too great an extent/degree, immoderately, exceedingly _Well, not to be overly dramatic, but it’s one of the scariest unions of all time._ :es: demasiado  
__paean<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: /PEE-uhn/ [:scroll: From Latin paean, from Greek paian (hymn of thanksgiving to Apollo), after Paian, Paion (epithet of Apollo in the hymn).] An expression of praise, joy, or triumph, typically in the form of a song.  
__pallet__ _n_ :nine::m: (pallets) A portable platform used for storing or moving cargo or freight. _Rob rented a pallet._ __2__ A narrow hard bed or straw-filled mattress. __3__ _Chiefly Southern US_ A temporary bed made from bedding arranged on the floor, especially for a child. _Sleeping pallets (makeshift beds)._  
__paltry__ _adj_ :nine::m: Very small or inadequate in amount; negligible: _was paid a paltry sum for his work._  
__pamper__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To treat with excessive indulgence: _pampered their child._ __2__ To give in to; gratify: _He pampered his ambition for wealth and fame._ _We’ll pamper you with a complimentary morning coffee service and evening wine tasting._ _The Lumbr Baron Inn will pamper you with in-room Jacuzzi tubs._  
__panache__ _n_ :nine::m: /puh-NAHSH/ [:scroll: Originally, the word referred to an ornamental tuft or plume of feathers, and especially one affixed to a helmet.] The word was popularized in English from the success of Edmond Rostand’s 1897 play _Cyrano de Bergerac_. Cyrano proclaims: “I’m going to take the simplest approach to life of all ... I’ve decided to excel in everything.” He, of course, wears a panache, and it is literally his last word: “Yet there is something still that will always be mine, and when today I go into God’s presence, there I will doff it and sweep the heavenly pavement with a gesture: something I’ll take unstained out of this world ... my panache.” __1__ A confident, stylish manner; swagger. When we say that someone has panache, we are saying that they have energy, spirit, and style. Distinctive and stylish elegance. _Syn_ dash, elan, flair, style _He wooed her with the confident panache of a cavalry officer._ _Ever the showman, he not only caught the ball, he made a diving catch and caught it with panache._ _With great panache._ __2__ A tuft of feathers on a headdress, such as a helmet, hat, etc.  
__pander__ _v_ :nine::m: (+to) To provide gratification for the desires of. To say, do, or provide what someone wants or demands even though it is not proper, good, or reasonable.  
__parcel<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ Something wrapped up or packaged; a package. :es: paquete _Delivering mail and small parcels to countries around the world._ _Open up that parcel of books._ __2__ A plot of land, usually a division of a larger area. __3__ A quantity of merchandise offered for sale. __4__ A group or company; a pack: _“this youthful parcel of noble bachelors” (Shakespeare)._ _Never miss a visitor or parcel._  
__partake__ _vi_ :nine::m: (partaken, partaking) __1__ (followed by in) To have a share; participate: _to partake in the excitement._ _Every year in the weeks leading up to Easter, many Christians around the world partake in Lent._ __2__ (Cookery) (followed by of) To take or receive a portion, esp of food or drink: _each partook of the food offered to him._ __3__ (foll by of) to suggest or have some of the quality (of): _music partaking of sadness._  
__pathos__ _n_ :nine::m: /PAY-thahss/ Pathos refers to some element of an experience or of an artistic representation that evokes compassion or pity. The word also refers to a feeling of sympathetic pity. A quality, as of an experience or a work of art, that arouses feelings of pity, sympathy, tenderness, or sorrow. _Syn_ poignancy _Our knowledge of the hero’s tragic end adds an element of pathos to the story of his early success._ _Ms. Merkel is known to be allergic to pathos and big words._  
__patron__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈpeɪtrən/ __1__ A person, esp a man, who sponsors or aids artists, charities, etc; protector or benefactor. _China, North Korea’s patron._ _He became a patron of the greatest contemporary chronicler._ :es: patrocinador, mecenas __2__ A customer of a shop, hotel, etc, esp a regular one. _Look, Artoo-Detoo! Here comes a patron out of the cantina!_ _This concert venue can hold 11,000 patrons._ _Chef Jeff is often seen in the dining room conversing with patrons._ _During the current season patrons can enjoy Mozart and Mahler._ _Patrons who eat before 6 p.m._ :es: cliente  
__penchant__ _n_ :nine::m: [:scroll: from French, ‘leaning, inclining’, present participle of the verb “pencher”] A strong or habitual liking for something or tendency to do something. _Her penchant for love songs._ _The group has evolved into a diverse group with a penchant for complex pieces._ :es: inclinación, afición, predilección  
__pernicious__ _adj_ :nine::m: /per-nish-uhs/ __1__ Having a harmful effect or influence. Causing insidious harm or ruin; ruinous; injurious; hurtful: _pernicious teachings; a pernicious lie._ _Syn_ harmful, damaging, destructive _The belief that we are just our genes is one of the most pernicious myths in modern culture._ __2__ Deadly; fatal. Tending to cause death or serious injury. _Syn_ baneful, pestilent, deadly _The pernicious effects of alcoholism are well documented in the medical literature._ _A pernicious disease._  
__petulant__ _adj_ :nine::m:::mega: /ˈpɛtʃ ə lənt/ Unreasonably irritable or ill-tempered. _Syn_ peevish, testy, cranky, fractious _After their fight, her friend came to make amends, but she was feeling petulant and sulky and ignored him._  
__pique<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::pencil2: (piques, piqued) __1__ To cause to feel resentment or indignation. __2__ To provoke; arouse: The portrait piqued her curiosity. _A great story had not only to pique the imagination, it had to touch the heart._ _Focusing his energy on whatever piques his curiosity._ __3__ To pride (oneself): _He piqued himself on his stylish attire._  
__plethora__ _n_ :nine::m::mega: /ˈplɛθərə/ Extreme excess.  
__plod__ _v_ :nine::m: (plodded, plodding) __1__ To walk heavily, slowly, and with difficulty. To walk heavily or move laboriously; trudge. _Syn_ slog, slop, toil, trudge, wade _Plod to the shower._ __2__ To do tedious, laborious, and sometimes menial work. _Syn_ drudge, grub, slave, slog. _Average people go to work and plod through the day._  
__ply__ _v_ :nine::m: (plying) __1__ To carry on, pursue, or work at (a job, trade, etc). _It is the perfecting designed environment to ply his trade._ _If she wanted to ply her trade on the premises, the manager wanted a cut._ __2__ To manipulate or wield (a tool). _He was plying a broom._ __3__ To sell (goods, wares, etc), esp at a regular place. _Little shops where craftmen still ply their wares._ __4__ (usually foll by with) To provide (with) or subject (to) repeatedly or persistently: _he plied us with drink the whole evening; to ply a horse with a whip; he plied the speaker with questions._ __5__ (intr) To perform or work steadily or diligently: _to ply with a spade._ __6__ (Nautical Terms) (also intr) (esp of a ship) To travel regularly along (a route) or in (an area): _to ply between Dover and Calais; to ply the trade routes._ _Yatchs ply between the islands._  
__portend__ _vt_ :nine::m: /por-TEND/ Foreshadow as an omen; signify; foretell; forecast; forebode. _...may portend a disruption._  
__posit<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m::pencil2: __1__ To lay down or assume as a fact or principle; postulate. __2__ To place, put, or set. _BYU has posited themselves well._  
__pout__ _v_ :nine::m: (pouts, pouting) __1__ To exhibit displeasure or disappointment; sulk. _Pouting session._ __2__ To protrude the lips in an expression of displeasure or sulkiness. __3__ To project or protrude: _The child’s lips pouted._ _You better not cry, you better not pout._  
__predicament__ _n_ :nine::m: A situation, especially an unpleasant, troublesome, or trying one, from which extrication is difficult. _I’m sorry to see you in this predicament._ _Hearsay suggests that green apples can induce such a predicament._ _She was sorry for her daughter’s predicament._  
__preen__ _v_ :nine::m: /PREEN/ __1a__ To smooth or clean (feathers) with the beak or bill. __b__ To trim or clean (fur) with the tongue, as cats do. __2__ To dress or groom (oneself) with elaborate care; primp. __3__ :dart: (usually foll by _on_) To pride or congratulate (oneself). To take pride or satisfaction in (oneself); gloat.  
__preposterous__ _adj_ :nine::m: [:scroll: From Latin praeposterus, which translates literally to “in the wrong order”] Contrary to nature, reason, or common sense; absurd. _Pre- means before. Post- means after. To use both prefixes together, ...would be preposterous._ _Syn_ foolish  
__prerogative__ _n_ :nine::m: /prih-RAH-guh-tiv/ __1__ An exclusive privilege or right exercised by a person or group of people holding a particular office or hereditary rank. A right reserved exclusively by a particular person or group (especially a hereditary or official right). _Syn_ exclusive right, perquisite, privilege __2__ Any privilege or right. _If you’d rather sell the tickets than use them, that’s your prerogative._ __3__ (Government, Politics & Diplomacy) A power, privilege, or immunity restricted to a sovereign or sovereign government.  
__prescient__ _adj_ :nine::m: /prĕsh′ənt, -ē-ənt, prē′shənt, -shē-ənt/ Perceiving the significance of events before they occur. _Syn_ foresighted, psychic, prophetic, divining, discerning, perceptive, clairvoyant, far-sighted, divinatory, mantic _An uncannily prescient prediction._ :es: clarividente, profético  
__provost__ _n_ :nine::m: A provost is an administrator at a college or university. The provost is very important to the school.  
__prowess__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈpraʊ ɪs/ Prowess means exceptional skill or ability. Your sailing prowess might save your life in a storm, while someone with less experience might make mistakes. A superior skill that you can learn by study and practice and observation. __1__ Distinguished bravery, esp. military valor and skill. _It was no lack of prowess that defeated the French and allied knights._ __2__ Extraordinary ability. _His prowess on the football field._  
__pry<sup>1</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: To look or inquire closely, curiously, or impertinently: _was always prying into the affairs of others._  
__pry<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To raise, move, or force open with a lever. _He pries your buttocks apart._ _To pry the crack open wider and wider._ __2__ To obtain with effort or difficulty: _pried a confession out of the suspect._  
__purloin__ _vt_ :nine::m: To steal, often in a violation of trust. _Syn_ cabbage, filch, pilfer, snarf, swipe, abstract, nobble, pinch, sneak, hook, lift _Someone at the party purloined my emerald ring!_  
__purport<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m::astonished: To have or present the often false appearance of being or intending; claim or profess: _a novel that purports to be a sailor’s memoir; an author who purports to have witnessed the events._ _The purported attack._ _JFK’s purported affairs._  
__quaint__ _adj_ :nine::m: /kweɪnt/ __1__ Pleasingly or strikingly old-fashioned or unusual. _Quaint village/bridges/cottage/streets/town/village._ _Quaint neighborhood shops._ _Quaint residential area._ _Quaint Victorian buildings._ __2__ Unfamiliar or different in character or appearance; odd. _A quaint sense of duty._  
__qualm__ _n_ :nine::m: /KWAHM/ /kwam, kwom/ __1__ An uneasy feeling about the rightness of a course of action. An uneasy feeling of doubt, worry, or fear, especially about one’s own conduct; a misgiving. _Qualm_ is often used in the plural form _qualms_ for feelings of uneasiness about whether something is right or wrong. _Cynthia’s parents had no qualms about her traveling abroad for a year after graduating high school._ _He has some serious qualms about the book._ :es: reparo; escrúpulo; duda __2__ A sudden feeling of sickness, faintness, or nausea. :es: náusea, mareo  
__quandary__ _n_ :nine::m: A state of perplexity or doubt. A situation in which one has to choose between two or more equally unsatisfactory choices. _Syn_ catch-22, dilemma, double bind _All-Star managers face quandary._ _Mel was in a quandary._ _The situation was awkward, but nothing like the quandary they had found themselves in when their car had broken down on a deserted road._  
__quash__ _vt_ :nine::m: (quashed) __1__ To annul or put an end to (a court order, indictment, or court proceedings). _The conviction was quashed._ _To quash her subpoena._ __2__ To put down or suppress forcibly and completely: _quash a rebellion._ __3__ To put an end to or destroy: _quash a rumor; quash hopes of an agreement._  
__quell__ _vt_ :nine::m: /kwɛl/ Put an end to (a rebellion or other disorder), typically by the use of force. _Syn_ put an end to, stamp out, put a stop to, end, finish :es: calmar, reprimir  
__quirk__ _n_ :nine::m: (quirky, quirkier) /kwəːk/ /KWERK/ _Quirk_ refers to an unusual habit or way of behaving. It can also refer to something strange that happens by chance, as in “a quirk of fate.” A peculiarity of behavior; an idiosyncrasy. _They accepted her attitude as one of her little quirks._ _A gleeful roast of Utah’s cultural quirks._  
__rally<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To call together for a common purpose; assemble: _rally troops at a parade ground._ __2__ To reassemble and restore to order: _rally scattered forces._ __3__ To rouse or revive from inactivity or decline: _paused to refresh themselves and rally their strength._  
__rally<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: __1__ To come together for a common purpose: _The candidate’s supporters rallied on the common._ __2__ To join in an effort for a common cause: _“In the terror and confusion of change, society rallied round the kings.” (Garrett Mattingly)_ __3a__ To recover abruptly from a setback, disadvantage, or disease: _The patient rallied after the fever broke._ __b__ To increase sharply in price or value after a decline: _The housing market rallied in the spring._ _The Dow Jones rallied 1.4% Monday._ _The euro initially rallied by the most in nearly a month._ __4__ _Sports_ To exchange strokes before a point is won, as in tennis. _This time Oklahoma State rallied furiously for a 35-31 victory._ _The Czechs rallied to a 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 victory._  
__rash<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ An outbreak of reddening or spots on the body. _Discussing diaper rashes with fifteen-year-old mothers._ _Skin rashes._ __2__ A large number of instances of a specified thing during a short period. _A rash of oil problems._ _A rash of promotions._  
__ratchet (something) up/down__ _v_ :nine::m: To increase, or make something increase, repeatedly and by small amounts. _They intend to ratchet up the pressure on Iran._ _Analysts have been ratcheting down estimates._  
__raucous__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ˈrɔ kəs/ Making or constituting a disturbingly harsh and loud noise. _Raucous youths._ _Copland’s Hoedown is raucously fun._ _Syn_ harsh, strident :es: estridente  
__rave<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (raved) If you rave about a book you just read, you’re telling people you think it’s great, or you’re giving it a rave review. Rave has two levels, one that implies you’re very excited about something and the other that you are too excited, so you seem crazy. While raving about a movie means to talk it up, being a raving lunatic means you are engaging in a lot of crazy talk. When you rave about a performance, you talk enthusiastically about it. Take that enthusiastic talking to the next level, and you might be called raving in the crazy sense. __2__ To talk or write with extravagant enthusiasm: _They raved about the performance._ _Readers raved about his stories._  
__rebuff__ _v_ :nine::m: /rih-BUFF/ To refuse; to offer sudden or harsh resistance; to turn down or shut out. To refuse to accept a helpful suggestion offer from someone, often by answering in an unfriendly way. _Syn_ reject, turn down, decline _She rebuffed all suggestions that she should resign._ _The effort has been rebuffed._  
__redolent__ _adj_ :nine::m: /RED-uh-lunt/ As a synonym of _aromatic_, the word _redolent_ can describe something that has a noticeable smell without specifying the scent, but more often it is accompanied by _of_ or _with_ and means “full of a specified fragrance,” as in “redolent with smoke.” Having or emitting fragrance. _Syn_ aromatic _No matter what time of year he visited, his grandmother’s house was always redolent of cloves and other warm spices._ _His ceremony was redolent with tension._  
__reek<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (reeks, reeked) Smell strongly and unpleasantly; stink. _The yard reeked of wet straw and horse manure._ _Syn_ stink, smell _The whole place reeked of cheap perfume._ _She reeked of cigarette smoke._ _This case reeks of social injustice._ :es: apestar  
__reel<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (reels, reeling) __1__ To be thrown off balance or fall back. _Reeled from the sharp blow._ __2__ To stagger, lurch, or sway, as from drunkenness. _Reeled down the alley._ _Reeling economy._ _The world reels from a series of horrifying terror attacks._ :es: _tambaleante economía_ __3__ To go round and round in a whirling motion. _Gulls reeling and diving._  
__refurbish__ _v_ :nine::m: /rih-FER-bish/ To refurbish something is to brighten or freshen it up, or to repair and make improvements to it. _The store refurbishes and sells computers that can often meet the needs of those who don’t need the latest technology._  
__relinquish__ _v_ :nine::m: /rɪˈlɪŋ kwɪʃ/ If you relinquish something, you let it go. You relinquish control of the army when you resign as general. You relinquish your plan to sneak into town when your parents find out what’s going on. _To relinquish the throne._  
__respite__ _n_ :nine::m::mega: /ˈrɛspɪt; -paɪt/ /RESS-pit/ A respite is a break from something that’s difficult or unpleasant. If you’re cramming for exams, take an occasional walk to give yourself a respite from the intensity. Respite refers to a short period of time when someone is able to stop doing something that is difficult or unpleasant, or when something difficult or unpleasant stops or is delayed.  
__retinue__ _n_ :nine::m: /RET-uh-noo/ [:scroll: _Retinue_ comes via Middle English from the Anglo-French verb _retenir_, meaning “to retain or keep in one’s pay or service.”] A retinue is a group of helpers, supporters, or followers. The retainers or attendants accompanying a high-ranking person. :es: séquito, comitiva _The Duc d’Orleans had a total retinue of over sixty._  
__revel__ _vi_ :nine::m: (revelled, revelling, reveling) __1__ To take great pleasure or delight: _She reveled in her unaccustomed leisure._ _He paused for a moment, reveling in their incredulity._ __2__ To engage in uproarious festivities; make merry.  
__reveler__ _n_ :nine::m: A celebrant who shares in a noisy party. _The clubs attract revelers as young as thirteen._ _St. Patrick’s day revelers._ _Mardi Gras revelers._  
__riches__ _pl n_ :nine::m: /ˈrɪtʃ ɪz/ Use the word riches when you’re talking about wealth, including money, treasures, and expensive belongings. Most people who buy lottery tickets dream of winning riches. Occasionally, someone who’s born into poverty will grow up to earn riches through hard work and a lot of luck — but more often, people inherit their riches from wealthy relatives. You can also use riches in a figurative way, for something bountiful or profuse: “Let’s go to the farmers market and see what riches are available!” Riches was originally richesse, a singular word that was misinterpreted as being plural. _Cultural riches._  
__rife__ _adj_ :nine::m: /raɪf/ (postpositive) Use the adjective rife to mean “full of” or “widespread,” especially when you’re talking about something negative. If the lifeguard says the water is rife with jellyfish, you’re not going to want to swim in it. :es: _It is rife with mistakes._ > Está plagado de errores. _Smallpox was still rife._ > La viruela aún hacía estragos.  
__rift__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A fissure or crack, _esp_ in the earth. __2__ A disruption of friendly relations between individuals, nations, etc. _Political rift._ _With deal of troops in danger, Afghan leader provokes further rifts._ _Rifts reopen after friendly trade summit._ _The rift between the two brothers._  
__ripe__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ When a fruit is ripe, it is time to pick it and eat it. If you say the time is ripe, then now is the time for action. Ripe means ready. Fully developed or matured and ready to be eaten or used. _Four large ripe tomatoes._ _The ripe-smelling barn._ __2__ Most suitable or right for a particular purpose. _A ripe subject._ _His parents signed him for a church choir at the ripe age of 5._ _The conditions were ripe for a calamity._  
__roam__ _v_ :nine::m: (roaming) __1__ To move about without purpose or plan; wander. :es: vagar _Dinosaurs roaming the turf in Charlotte._ _To roam the country._ _Users must be able to roam between networks._ _Cuts of beef served tableside by a parade of roaming carvers._  
__roil__ _v_ :nine::m: US term for rile (make someone annoyed or irritated). _Another shocker roils _Game_ finale._ _They plunged into the roiling water._ _His stomach was roiling._ _The sky was gray and roiling with clouds._ :es: enturbiarse; agitarse  
__ruddy__ _adj_ :nine::m: Ruddy is used to describe something that is reddish—like the color of red hair, tomatoes, or your cheeks on a cold winter’s day. _Until her skin was ruddy._  
__rue<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::astonished::pencil2: /ROO/ To _rue_ something is to feel penitence, remorse, or regret for it. _Rue_ is often used in the phrase “rue the day.” To be sorry about something and wish that it had not happened. A more usual word is regret. _Pa. town rues sacrifice of its war dead._ _He rues the void being left in his wake._ _I rue the day I signed that infernal contract._  
__ruefully__ _adv_ :nine::m: In a rueful manner. _Syn_ contritely, remorsefully _Dan shook his head ruefully._  
__rumble<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: (rumbled, rumbling) Are you ready to rumble? To rumble is to throw down, or fight. If you hear a truck rumble down your street, don’t put up your dukes — to rumble also means to make a low, deep sound. _Rumbling 33 yards._ _Thunder rumbled._ _The cart rumbled and lurched._  
__rummage__ _v_ :nine::m: /ˈrʌm ɪdʒ/ __1__ (tr) To search thoroughly by handling, turning over, or disarranging the contents of. _She rummaged through the kitchen cutlery drawer._ __2__ (tr) To discover by searching thoroughly. __3__ (i) To make an energetic, usually hasty search.  
__rung__ _n informal_ :nine::m: (rungs) A particular level or position in an organization: _I started on the bottom rung of the company._ _He deserves to be in the lowest rungs of hell._ _The Romans climbed the rungs._ _The rung of the ladder._  
__runner-up__ _n_ :nine::m::dart: (runners-up) The competitor who finishes second. _Syn_ second best _Nadal was the runner-up to Roger Federer in 2006-7._ _They are runners-up to Real Madrid._ _Nishikori was runner-up here last season._ _That was a close runner-up._  
__runoff__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ The final decisive race, contest, or election. _Enough votes to force a runoff._ _A runoff vote._ __2__ The portions of the rainfall that ultimately reaches streams. _The runoff waters of spring._ _Sediment runoff._ __3__ The overflow of fluid from a container. The occurrence of surplus liquid (as water) exceeding the limit or capacity. _Syn_ overflow, overspill _Our basement flooded with runoff from the nearby creek after the torrential downpour._  
__ruse__ _n_ :nine::m::smiling_imp::mega: /ruz/ An action intended to mislead, deceive, or trick; stratagem. _Syn_ wile  
__rustle<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::mute:[rus~~t~~le] /ˈrʌsəl/ __1__ To make a sound like the one that leaves or sheets of paper make when they move. To make or cause to make a low crisp whispering or rubbing sound, as of dry leaves or paper. _A rustling sound._ _The quiet rustling of the river._ __2__ To move with such a sound. __3__ To steal farm animals such as sheep, horses, or cows. _To rustle up a dinner for 12._  
__sanguine__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m::astonished: /SANG-gwin/ /ˈsæŋ gwɪn/ __1__ Confidently optimistic. _The young CEO is sanguine about the struggling company’s future._ __2__ Of a healthy reddish color. _Syn_ rubicund, ruddy _He had a sanguine complexion that was matched by his cheerful outlook._  
__sap<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: (saps, sapped, sapping, sappy) __2__ To deplete or weaken gradually. Gradually weaken or destroy (a person’s strength or power). _Weak demand sapping trade._ _His energy was sapping._ _Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy._  
__saunter<sup>1</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: /ˈsɔn tər, ˈsɑn-/ To walk in a casual manner; stroll. To walk or stroll about without much purpose or hurry. _Lynn sauntered to the edge of the stage._  
__scant__ _adj_ :nine::m: Scant is an adjective that means “a tiny amount,” like your scant attendance at practice this week that results in being benched from the big game. _Details were scant._  
__scathing__ _adj_ :nine::m: Bitterly severe. Bitterly denunciatory; harshly critical. _Syn_ vituperative _His scathing indictment of Congress._ :es: mordaz; feroz  
__scoff__ _v_ :nine::m: (scoffed) Speak to someone or about something in a scornfully derisive or mocking way. _Syn_ mock, deride, sneer at _They scoffed at the idea._  
__scour__ _v_ :nine::m: /skour, skaʊər, ˈskaʊ ər/ /SKOW-er/ __1a__ To clean, polish, or wash by scrubbing vigorously: _scour a dirty oven._ __b__ To remove by scrubbing: _scour grease from a pan._ __2__ To remove dirt or grease from (cloth or fibers) by means of a detergent. __3__ To clean (wheat) before the milling process. __4__ To clear (an area) by freeing of weeds or other vegetation. __5__ To clear (a channel or pipe) by flushing. __6__ :dart: Search thoroughly. Scour means “to search (something) carefully and thoroughly.” Scouring is usually associated with moving quickly. _We retraced our steps and scoured the hiking trail for the missing wedding ring._ _He invests hours scouring film._ __7__ To range over (an area) quickly and energetically.  
__scourge__ _n_ :nine::m: /skəːdʒ/ A person or thing that causes great trouble or suffering. _Syn_ affliction, bane, curse, plague _The scourge of mass unemployment._ _Some conservative members called him a scourge who had put national security at risk._ _It goes back to the scourges of smallpox and the Black Plague._  
__scrap<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :dart::nine::m: (scraps, scrapped, scrapping) __1__ To break down into parts for disposal or salvage: _scrap an old stove._ __2__ :dart: To discard or abandon as useless; cancel: _scrap a plan._ _It forced oil companies to scrap planned investments._ _Ship to be scrapped had reactor built on board in 1960s._ _Scrapping the legislation._  
__scrap<sup>3</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: (scrapping) To fight, usually with the fists. _A boy spends the next four decades scrapping._ _A lifestyle of snorting and scrapping._  
__screech<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (screeched, screeching) __1__ (tr) To utter in a screech or high-pitched voice. __2__ (i) To cry out in a high-pitched, strident voice. __3__ To make a sound suggestive of a screech: _Tires screeched on the wet pavement._  
__scruffy__ _adj_ :nine::m::camera: /ˈskrʌfɪ/ (scruffier) Shabby and untidy. Unkempt or shabby. _Why, you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerfherder!_  
__scuttle<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: __1__ To run or move with short hurried movements; scurry. Run hurriedly or furtively with short quick steps. :es: _to scuttle away or off_ → escabullirse, _to scuttle along_ → correr, ir a toda prisa, _we must scuttle_ → tenemos que marchar __2__ Deliberately cause (a scheme) to fail. _A tighter budgetary policy will scuttle plans to boost consumption._  
__seep__ _v_ :nine::m: (seeped, seeping) (of a liquid) Flow or leak slowly through porous material or small holes. _Water began to seep through the soles of his boots._ _Their blood was seeped into the soil of my continent._ _Blood seeped out of their pores._ _Sweat seeped down his back._ _Syn_ oze, trickle, exude, drip  
__seethe__ _v_ :nine::m::dart: If a liquid seethes, it is boiling, but if it’s a person who’s seething, watch out! He or she is really angry! _Pujols was left seething._ _Seething with jealousy._ _His seething frustration._  
__sentient__ _adj_ :nine::m::mega: /SEN-shee-unt/ /ˈsɛntɪənt/ _Sentient_ is a formal term that typically describes beings conscious of or responsive to the sensations of seeing, hearing, feeling, tasting, or smelling. Endowed with feeling and unstructured consciousness. _Syn_ animate _The living knew themselves just sentient puppets on God’s stage._  
__sheer<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Used for emphasizing the amount or degree of something. _The sheer magnitude of threats._ _Sheer size._ _The sheer scale of the operations surprised many._ _The city’s sheer density of concert spaces._ __2__ Thin, fine, and translucent: _sheer curtains; sheer chiffon._ __3a__ Completely such, without qualification or exception: _sheer stupidity; sheer happiness._ _Sheer brazenness._ __b__ Free from admixture or adulterants; unmixed: _sheer alcohol._ __c__ Considered or operating apart from anything else: _got the job through sheer persistence._ __4__ Almost perpendicular; steep: _sheer rock cliffs._ _Syn_ steep  
__shingle<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ _(Building)_ A thin rectangular tile, esp one made of wood, that is laid with others in overlapping rows to cover a roof or a wall. __2__ _(Hairdressing & Grooming)_ A woman’s short-cropped hairstyle. __3__ _US and Canadian_ A small signboard or nameplate fixed outside the office of a doctor, lawyer, etc.  
__shingles__ _n pl_ :nine::m: (used with a sing. or pl. verb) an acute viral disease affecting the ganglia of certain nerves, characterized by inflammation, pain, and skin eruptions along the course of the affected nerve. :es: herpes zóster  
__showdown__ _n_ :nine::m: (showdowns) A final test or confrontation intended to settle a dispute. _Syn_ confrontation, deciding event, clash, face-off __1__ _informal_ An action that brings matters to a head or acts as a conclusion or point of decision. _It was an epic showdown._ _Hollywood showdowns._  
__shuck<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1a__ To remove the husk or shell from: _shuck corn._ __b__ To open the shell of (a bivalve): _shuck oysters._ __2__ _informal_ To cast off: _shucked their coats and cooled off; a city trying to shuck a sooty image._ __3__ In James Ellroy’s novels, the verb _shuck_ is used to convey the idea of something being deceptive or fraudulent. It is associated with the concept of ideology being portrayed as a sham or a trick to deceive others. _I know when you’re shuckin’ and jivin’ me._  
__shun__ _vt_ :dart::nine::m: To avoid (somebody or something) deliberately, especially habitually. To avoid deliberately; keep away from. :es: esquivar, rehuir _He shuns suits except when he is in court._ _Cristiano Ronaldo has been widely praised by public health experts after he shunned Coca-Cola during a press conference._  
__shutout__ _n_ :nine::m: _Sports_ A game in which one side does not score. A defeat in a game where one side fails to score. _Syn_ skunk _Last year, the NL won in a shutout._ _It was the Tigers’s fifth consecutive shutout._ _Chelsea Haas won seven games with six shutouts._  
__sidestep<sup>1</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: __1__ To step aside: _sidestepped to make way for the runner._ __2__ To dodge an issue or a responsibility. _Syn_ evade, hedge, skirt, parry, fudge, circumvent, dodge, elude, duck, put off  
__simmer__ _v_ :nine::m: (simmers, simmering) (of water or food that is being heated) Stay just below boiling point while bubbling gently. _The goulash was simmering slowly in the oven._ _Syn_ boil gently, not quite boil, cook gently, poach _The Family Corleone is filled with the smell of simmering tomato sauce._ :es: hervir a fuego lento, estar a punto de hervir  
__skim<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::dart: (skimmed, skimming) __2a__ If someone skims money, they take small amounts from somewhere so that people do not notice it is gone. _Jim could skim huge sums of money off the casino._ _Users often skim a page by its headings._ _Skim fat from chilled pan juices and finish making gravy._ __4a__ To throw so as to bounce or slide: _skimming stones on the pond._ __b__ To glide or pass quickly and lightly over or along (a surface). __5a__ To read or glance through (a book, for example) quickly or superficially. _He skimmed a copy of _Newsday_ abandoned by an earlier customer._  
__skittish__ _adj_ :nine::m: (skittishness) __1__ _(of an animal, especially a horse)_ Nervous or excitable; easily scared. _A skittish chestnut mare._ _Syn_ restive, excitable, nervous, easily frightened :es: asustadizo __2__ _(of a person)_ Playfully frivolous or unpredictable. _My skittish and immature mother._ _Syn_ playful, lively, high-spirited, frisky :es: frívolo  
__sleazy__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m: /ˈsli zi, ˈsleɪ zi/ _(disapproving)_ __1a__ Shabby, dirty, and vulgar; tawdry: _“sleazy storefronts with torn industrial carpeting and dirt on the walls.” (Seattle Weekly)._ A sleazy place is dirty, cheap, or in bad condition: _sleazy bars._ __b__ :dart: Dishonest or corrupt; disreputable: _Some sleazy characters hang around casinos._ __2__ Relating to sex or dishonest behavior: _a sleazy lawyer._  
__slew<sup>1</sup>__ _n informal_ :nine::m::reminder_ribbon: /sluː/ !few A large amount or number; a lot. _A slew of unpaid bills._ _A slew of appearances by comic book artists._ _REJECTED is a state of mind, and it brings on a slew of awful feelings._  
__slick<sup>3</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Deft of skilful. _They were slick as hell._ __2__ Superficially plausible or impressive: glib. __3__ Smooth or slippery. _The slick surface._ _A natural water slide eroded into slick rock._ _The alligators were slick with mud._ _A slick paper magazine._ __5__ _slang_ Excellent; wonderful. _It was a slick scam._ _Slick dance arrangements._  
__slight<sup>3</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: A deliberate discourtesy; a snub. An act or omission indicating supercilious neglect or indifference. _Everyday slights and snubs._ _Seemingly minor slights harm student performance._ _The opera itself is slight._  
__sliver<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m::camera: A small slender piece cut or broken off something; a splinter. _A sliver of chicken._ _Slivers of salmon._ _The early sun looked like a sliver of pink ice._ _A sliver of our time._ _Slivers of ice on the quirt._ _Some sliver of light._ _A thin sliver of magma._  
__slog<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (slogged, slogging) __1__ Work hard over a period of time. _They were slogging away to meet a deadline._ _Syn_ work hard :es: sudar tinta __2__ Hit (someone or something) forcefully and typically wildly, especially in boxing or cricket. _Batsmen careering down the pitch to slog the ball up in the air._  
__slosh__ _v_ :nine::m: (sloshed, sloshing) __1__ _(of liquid in a container)_ Move irregularly with a splashing sound. _Water in the boat sloshed around under our feet._ _Syn_ spill, slop, splash, flow, overflow _Beer sloshed over the side of the glass._ __2__ _(of a person)_ Move through liquid with a splashing sound. _They sloshed up the tracks in the dank woods._ _Syn_ splash, squelch, wade _Workers sloshed around in boots._ :es: chapotear  
__sly__ _adj_ :nine::m: Having or showing a cunning and deceitful nature. _A sly smile._ _Sly humor._ _Sometimes it takes a sly fox to catch a sly fox._ :es: astuto; malicioso  
__smattering__ _n_ :astonished::nine::m: __1__ A slight superficial knowledge of a language or subject. _Edward had only a smattering of Spanish._ _I picked up a smattering of German while on vacation in Germany._ __2__ A small amount of something. A small, scattered amount or number. _Syn_ handful _Her skin had a healthy glow, and her nose was dotted with a smattering of freckles._ _For everyone but the casinos and a smattering of skilled poker players, online gambling is a very bad bet._ _I see just a smattering of raised hands._ _A smattering of raindrops._  
__smitten<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Smitten means overwhelmed or struck by something, usually love. _The way you light up every time the waiter comes over to your table, it’s obvious you’re smitten with him._ __1__ _(used in combination)_ Affected by something overwhelming. _He was smitten by the landscape._ __2__ Marked by foolish or unreasoning fondness. _He was smitten by her red hair._  
__smolder<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: Burn slowly with smoke but no flame. To burn with little smoke and no flame. _Luke saw the smoldering piles which had once been human beings._ _The bonfire still smouldered, the smoke drifting over the paddock._ _Syn_ burn slowly, smoke, glow :es: arder sin llama  
__smorgasbord__ _n_ :nine::m::astonished: __1__ A buffet meal of various hot and cold hors d’oeuvres, salads, casserole dishes, meats, cheeses, etc. __2__ An extensive array or variety. A varied collection. _Syn_ assortment, miscellanea, miscellany, mixed bag, mixture, motley, potpourri, salmagundi, variety  
__smoulder__ _v_ :nine::m: (smouldered, smouldering) __1__ To burn slowly, producing smoke but no flames. _The wood smouldered._ __2__ To feel very strong emotions that you do not express in words, especially anger or sexual feelings.  
__smug__ _adj_ :nine::m: _(disapproving)_ Showing that you are very satisfied with how smart, lucky, or good you are: _a smug smile._ Exhibiting or feeling great or offensive satisfaction with oneself or with one’s situation; self-righteously complacent. _Syn_ self-satisfied _Their smug belief in some form of American exceptionalism._ _Pour yourself a whiskey and feel smug about your incredible preparedness._ _He was sort of smug about it._ _She looks impossibly smug to me._  
__snarl<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (of an animal such as a dog) Make an aggressive growl with bared teeth. _Snarling Dobermans._ _Syn_ growl, gnash one’s teeth _The wolves are snarling._ :es: gruñir  
__snub<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: /snʌb/ (snubs, snubbed) Rebuff, ignore, or spurn disdainfully. _Syn_ insult, slight, affront, humiliate _Putin is not just snubbing the United States and the G8._ _He snubbed faculty members and students alike._ _Snubbed nose._ :es: _desaire, repulsa_  
__sobering__ _adj_ :nine::m: Making you think about things in a serious way. Tending to make sober or more serious: _the news had a sobering effect._  
__spat__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A brief quarrel. _This spat demonstrated that Rogozin is trying to prove that he’s set to revamping the industry._ _Public spat._ _In a spat over an arrest._ __2__ _informal_ A light blow; slap; smack. __3__ A spattering sound, as of raindrops.  
__spearhead<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: Lead (an attack or movement). To be the leader of (a movement, for example). _He’s spearheading a campaign to reduce the number of accidents at work._ _Syn_ lead, head, front  
__spike<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ Impale on or pierce with a sharp point. _She spiked another oyster._ __2__ Form into or cover with sharp points. _His hair was matted and spiked with blood._ __3__ _informal_ Add alcohol or a drug to contaminate (drink or food) surreptitiously. _She bought me an orange juice and spiked it with vodka._ _He sipped spiked colas._  
__sprinkle<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: (sprinkles, sprinkled, sprinkling) __1__ To scatter in drops or particles: _sprinkled sugar on the cereal._ __2__ To scatter drops or particles on: _sprinkled the buns with flour._ __3__ To intersperse with something as if by scattering: _sprinkled his speech with quotations._ __4__ To distribute or intersperse at random: _sprinkled jokes throughout the speech._  
__sputter__ _v_ :nine::m: Make a series of soft explosive sounds, typically when being heated or as a symptom of a fault. _The engine sputtered and stopped._ _The car lurched forward, sputtering, and then died._  
__squeamish__ _adj_ :nine::m: Easily upset or disgusted by things or actions you find unpleasant: _Dad was squeamish about killing roaches._  
__squirm<sup>1</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: (squirming) __1__ To move with a wriggling motion; writhe. To move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling). _Syn_ twist, worm, wriggle, writhe, wrestle _He tried to squirm free, but the police officer had a firm grip on the man’s wrists._ _Squirming like a toad._ _Five-year-old Katie squirmed in her lap._ __2__ :dart: To feel deep mental discomfort, guilt, embarrassment, etc.  
__stale__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Having lost freshness, effervescence, or palatability: _stale bread; stale air._ _The stale remains of a cup of coffee._ _Some friendships are like stale donuts._  
__stalwart<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Loyal, reliable, and hard-working. _He remained a stalwart supporter of the cause._ _Syn_ staunch, loyal, faithful, committed, devoted, dedicated, dependable, reliable, steady  
__stance__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈstan(t)s/ The way in which someone stands, especially when deliberately adopted (as in baseball, golf, and other sports); a person’s posture. _She altered her stance, resting all her weight on one leg._ _Syn_ posture, body position, pose  
__staunch<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: (staunchest) __1__ Firm and steadfast; loyal or true. _Syn_ loyal, faithful __2__ Having a strong or substantial construction or constitution. _A staunch little cabin._  
__steadfast__ _adj_ :dart::nine::m: /STED-fast/ __1__ Fixed or unchanging; steady. Used to describe something, such as support, that remains unchanging. _He was known for his steadfast will to live._ __2__ Firmly loyal or constant; unswerving. Someone described as _steadfast_ is very devoted or loyal to a person, belief, or cause. _Syn_ faithful  
__steep<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (steeped, steeping) __1__ To soak or be soaked in a liquid, e.g. for softening, cleansing, bleaching, or extracting an essence. _Tea steeped in teapots._ _Steeped in hot water._ __2__ To imbue (somebody) thoroughly with a subject, influence, etc. _This region is steeped in history._  
__stem<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::astonished: (stemmed, stemming) __1__ (+ from) To originate or arise from something. __2__ To stop (something flowing). _Three dozen towns are debating how to stem the flow of needles._ __3__ To stop (the onward progress of something). _The country is trying to stem the spread of the avian influenza._ _They redesigned their stores in an effort to stem declining sales._  
__stifle<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m::dart: /ˈstaɪfəl/ __1__ To interrupt or cut off (the voice, for example). __2__ To keep in or hold back; repress: _stifled my indignation._ _It stifles productive enterprise._ __3__ To kill by preventing respiration; smother or suffocate. _Stifling heat._  
__stifle<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m::dart: /ˈstaɪfəl/ __1__ To suffer from difficulty in breathing, as in a close atmosphere. __2__ To become stifled or suffocated.  
__stoke__ _v_ :nine::m: (stoked, stoking, stoke up) __1__ To add more coal or wood to a fire. _I stoked the furnace for the night._ __2__ To cause something to increase. _Rising oil prices stoked inflation._ _Stoking tensions._  
__stoop<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :dart::nine::m::smiling_imp: __1__ _(also stoop down)_ To bend your body forward and down. _Jean stoops to pick cranberries for preserves._ _We had to stoop to pass through the low entrance._ _Dave stooped down to tie his shoes._ __2__ To stand with your back and shoulders bent forwards. _Although stooped by age, her eyes were sharp._ __3__ Debase oneself morally, act in an undignified, unworthy, or dishonorable way. _Syn_ condescend, lower oneself  
__stop short__ _v_ :nine::m: (stop-short, stopped short) __1__ To come to a sudden and unexpected stop, particularly while speaking or driving a vehicle. __2__ Usually with of, to voluntarily cease an attempt to reach a certain point.  
__stopgap<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :dart::nine::m: An improvised substitute for something lacking; a temporary expedient. _Syn_ make-do, makeshift _This is not an acceptable long term solution, just a stopgap._  
__stoppage__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ An act or instance of stopping. __2__ The state of being stopped or obstructed. _A stoppage-time goal._ __3__ A cessation of activity, esp. work; strike. _Keep work stoppages to a minimum._ _Aer Lingus cabin crew staged a 24-hour work stoppage May 30._  
__straddle<sup>1</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: __1__ To walk, stand, or sit with the legs wide apart; stand or sit astride. __2__ To be positioned wide apart, as the legs. __3__ To favor or appear to favor both of two opposite sides; equivocate.  
__straddle<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To stand or sit astride of. To stand or sit with a leg on each side of; bestride: _straddle a horse._ _Pete straddled a chair._ __2__ To favor or appear to favor both sides of: straddle an issue. __3__ Range or extend over; occupy a certain area. _The plants straddle the entire state._ _Syn_ range  
__strain<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (strained, straining) __1__ Force (a part of one’s body or oneself) to make an unusually great effort. _I stopped and listened, straining my ears for any sound._ :es: esforzarse __2__ Pour (a mainly liquid substance) through a porous or perforated device or material in order to separate out any solid matter. _Strain the custard into a bowl._ :es: colar, filtrar  
__strain<sup>2</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ The act or an instance of straining. _Can you keep an even strain?_ _“Out of the strain of the doing, into the peace of the done.”—Julia Louise Woodruff_ __2__ The damage resulting from excessive exertion. __3__ An intense physical or mental effort. __4__ (Music, other) Music (often plural) a theme, melody, or tune. __5__ A great demand on the emotions, resources, etc. __6__ (Psychology) A feeling of tension and tiredness resulting from overwork, worry, etc; stress. __7__ A variety, esp. of microorganisms. _A new strain of coronavirus._  
__stray<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (strays, strayed, straying) __1__ To move away from a group, deviate from the correct course, or go beyond established limits. _Every individual who strays will be punished._ __2__ To become lost. __3__ To wander about without a destination or purpose; roam. _His thoughts strayed._  
__strew__ _v_ :nine::m: (strewed, strewn or strewed) When you strew something, you scatter it all over the place. At a wedding, for example, the flower child’s job is to strew the path with petals. _Strewing the streets with flowers._  
__strife__ _n_ :dart::nine::m: Angry or bitter disagreement over fundamental issues; conflict. _Syn_ conflict, friction, discord, disagreement _Strife within the community._ :es: lucha, contienda  
__stringent__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ˈstrɪn dʒənt/ (stringently) __1__ Imposing rigorous standards of performance; severe: _stringent safety measures._ __2__ Constricted; tight: _operating under a stringent time limit._ __3__ Characterized by scarcity of money, credit restrictions, or other financial strain: _stringent economic policies._  
__strive__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ To exert much effort or energy; endeavor. __2__ To struggle or fight forcefully; contend: _strive against injustice._ _We strive for peace._ _The Buddha never said it was un-kosher to strive._  
__stubble__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ The short, stiff stalks of grain or hay remaining on a field after harvesting. _The sugarcane stubble._ _Smoke from a distant stubble fire._ __2__ Something resembling this material, especially the short growth of hair that eventually protrudes from the skin after shaving.  
__stump<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::dart: (stumped) There are three ways to stump: you can ask someone a question they can’t answer, you can travel making political speeches, or you can stomp. Stump can mean many things as a verb. The most common use is when someone — like a teacher — asks a question that no one can answer. That’s a case of the teacher stumping the class. Also, politicians traveling through a district, making speeches are stumping, giving what are called stump speeches. Once in a while, to stump means the same thing as two similar words, stomp and stamp. If you’re stumping, stomping, and stamping around, you’re making a lot of noise with your feet. _Computers were loaded with reference materials so that inmates could look up answers (without accessing the Internet) when they were stumped._ _Walking makes your brain work a little bit better, helping you crack problems that stumped you while sitting._  
__stymie<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: /STY-mee/ (stymieing, stymied) To obstruct, thwart, stump, etc. To present an obstacle to (somebody or something); to thwart; stand in the way of. _Syn_ blockade, obstruct, stymy, embarrass, hinder, block  
__supple__ _adj_ :pencil2::nine::m: /ˈsʌpəl/ __1__ Bending easily without damage. Readily bent, folded, or manipulated; pliant: _a wallet made of supple leather._ _Syn_ flexible __2__ Moving and bending with agility; limber: _a supple gymnast._ __3__ Adaptable to changing circumstances: _“The supple ambiguities of English are a large part of its genius” (Mark Abley)._  
__surmise<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :dart::nine::m: (surmised, surmising) To infer (something) from incomplete or uncertain evidence.  
__swath__ _n_ :nine::m: (swathe, swathes) __1__ A row or line of grass, corn, or other crop as it falls or lies when mown or reaped. _If the day is windy, the swathes should be high and narrow._ __2__ Strip left clear by the passage of a mowing machine or scythe. _The combine had cut a deep swathe around the border of the fields._ __3__ A broad strip or area of something. _Vast swathes of countryside._ __4__ A strip, belt, or long and relatively narrow extent of anything.  
__sway<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: /sweɪ/ (swayed, swaying) __1__ Move or cause to move slowly or rhythmically backwards and forwards or from side to side. _Syn_ swing, shake, oscillate, rock _Swaying in the stands._ _Swaying like a metronome._ __2__ To incline or bend to one side; veer: _She swayed and put out a hand to steady herself._ _The flowers bobbled and swayed._ __3a__ To incline toward change, as in opinion or feeling: _He swayed toward trying out for the chorus._ _Swayed to the Dark Side._ __b__ To fluctuate, as in outlook. __4__ Win approval or support for. _He could sway a mob._ _His speech did not sway the voters._ _He had no sway over him._ _They stood together and swayed._ _Syn_ carry, persuade  
__swerve<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (swerves, swerved) __1__ To make a sudden sideways movement while moving forwards, usually in order to avoid hitting something. (swerve violently/sharply) _The car swerved sharply to avoid the dog._ (swerve across/off/into etc) _The bus swerved off the road._ __2__ _[usually in negatives]_ _formal_ To change from an idea, course of action, purpose etc. (swerve from) _He would never swerve from the truth._  
__swoon__ _vi_ :nine::m: /swo͞on/ (swoons, swooned, swooning) __1__ _literary_ Faint, especially from extreme emotion. _Frankie’s mother swooned and had to be helped to the headmaster’s office._ __2__ Be overcome with admiration, adoration, or other strong emotion. _Women swoon over his manly, unaffected ways._  
__swoop<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ If a bird or aircraft swoops, it moves suddenly down through the air, especially in order to attack something. _Swooped down._ __2__ If the police, army etc swoop on a place, they go there without any warning in order to look for someone or something.  
__tacky__ _adj_ :nine::m::dart: Cheap, crude, and unrefined; indicating or characteristic of a lack of class, elegance, or sophistication. _He showed up in a really tacky suit._ _The office looked tacky._ _Tacky birthday present._ :es: cutre  
__tank<sup>2</sup>__ _vi_ _informal_ :nine::m: (tanked, tanking) __2__ _informal_ To suffer a sudden decline or failure: _The stock market tanked yesterday._ _The Braves are being accussed of losing on purpose now to speed-dial to a brighter future. It’s called tanking._ _There are grand incentives to tank a season._ _The market tanked._ _Laptops tanking your meetings?_ _Milwaukee Brewers and Atlanta Braves are either rebuilding or tanking._ _Google’s value tanked by as much as $100 billion because of the two flubs._  
__tantalizing__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Arousing desire or expectation for something unattainable or mockingly out of reach. _The revelations are a tantalizing indication of how much we still have to learn._ __2__ Very pleasantly inviting: _a tantalizing aroma._ _A tantalizing question._ _Syn_ tempting  
__tap__ _v_ :dart::nine::m: (tapped) __1__ To strike gently with a light blow or blows: _I tapped you on the shoulder to get your attention._ _Then he raised his cup and tapped Cato’s._ __2__ To give a light rap with: _tap a pencil._ __3__ To produce with a succession of light blows: _tap out a rhythm._ __4__ To select, as for membership in an organization; designate. __5__ _informal_ To ask (a person) for money. _Entrepreneurs tap neighbors for funding._  
__taper<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (tapered, tapering) To taper is to gradually grow smaller or more narrow or less intense. Taper is often used with the word “off.” _Part of the power of the Vietnam Memorial is in how the two walls appear to “taper off” into infinity._ _Finally, the sound tapered off._ _The Antillean manatee is a large marine mammal with walrus-like shaped body that tapers to a wide paddle-shaped tail._  
__tarnish__ _v_ :nine::m::camera: (tarnished) Lose or cause to lose lustre, especially as a result of exposure to air or moisture. _Silver tarnishes too easily._ _Syn_ become discoloured, discolour, stain, rust, oxidize :es: deslustrar  
__taunt<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m::smiling_imp: /tɔːnt/ __1__ To reproach in a mocking, insulting, or contemptuous manner: _taunted her for wearing hand-me-down clothes._ _Syn_ ridicule __2a__ To provoke or deride with mockery, contempt, or criticism. To drive or incite (a person) by taunting: _His friends taunted him into asking for a raise._ __b__ To tease and excite sexually: _taunted him with glimpses of skin._  
__teeter__ _v_ :nine::m: /ˈti tər/ __1__ To walk or move unsteadily or unsurely; totter. _Iran is teetering on the brink of a civil war._ _The year teetered on the edge of peace._ __2__ To alternate, as between opposing attitudes or positions; vacillate. __3__ To seesaw.  
__temper<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: /ˈtɛmpə/ __1__ To moderate: _to temper justice with mercy._ __2__ To soften or tone down. __3__ To make suitable by or as if by blending. __4__ To work into proper consistency, as clay or mortar. __5__ To impart strength or toughness to (steel or cast iron) by heating and cooling. __6__ To tune (a keyboard instrument) so as to make the tones available in different keys or tonalities.  
__tenet__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈtɛnɪt; ˈtiːnɪt/ /TEN-it/ A doctrine, principle, or position held as part of a philosophy, religion, or field of endeavor. A belief, opinion, or dogma. Any opinion, principle, doctrine, dogma, etc., especially one held as true by members of a profession, group, or movement. :es: principio  
__thrash__ _v_ :nine::m: (thrashed, thrashing) __1__ To move or make something move from side to side in a violent or uncontrolled way. __2__ To beat someone violently, especially in order to punish them. _Thrash talk._ __3__ To defeat someone very easily in a game. _Toronto thrashed New York City F.C._  
__thwart__ _v_ :nine::m::pencil2: /THWORT/ Prevent (someone) from accomplishing something. _Clerk with real gun thwarts BB gun holdup._ :es: frustrar, desbaratar  
__tidbit__ _n_ :dart::nine::m::pencil2: /ˈtɪdˌbɪt/ (titbit) __1__ A delicate bit or morsel of food. _He fed the cat tidbits._ __2__ A choice or pleasing bit of anything, as gossip.  
__timely__ _adj, adv_ :nine::m: Occurring at a suitable or opportune time; well-timed. _The timely filing of his income tax return._ _Providing timely information._ _The tests need to be written in a timely fashion._ _In a timely manner._  
__trample__ _v_ :nine::m: (trampled, trampling) __1__ To step heavily on something, so that you crush it with your feet. (trample on/over/through etc) _There was a small fence to stop people trampling on the flowers._ _They trample the weeds heading for the park._ _He could be seen trampling grapes in a wooden vat._ __2__ To behave in a way that shows that you do not care about someone’s rights or feelings. (trample on/over somebody/something) _Don’t let people trample all over you._ _Snow trampled down by detectives._  
__trestle__ _n_ :nine::m: /ˈtrɛs(ə)l/ __1__ A framework in the form of a horizontal member supported at each end by a pair of splayed legs, used to carry scaffold boards, a table top, etc _A trestle table._ :es: caballete __2__ An open braced framework used to support an elevated structure such as a bridge. _He walks under the Bond Hill railroad trestle._ _Railway trestles._ :es: bastidor  
__tribulation__ _n_ :nine::m: /trib-yuh-LAY-shun/ __1__ Great affliction, trial, or distress; suffering: _a time of great tribulation._ Something hard to bear physically or emotionally. _Tribulation_, which is often used in the phrase “trials and tribulations,” refers to an experience that causes suffering. It can also mean “unhappiness, pain, or suffering.” _Syn_ affliction, burden, cross, trial _The realm could not endure the great tribulation and poverty._ __2__ An experience that tests one’s endurance, patience, or faith. A state of pain or anguish that tests one’s resiliency and character. _Syn_ crucible, ordeal, trial, visitation  
__trickle<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A small group or number of people or things moving slowly. A thin, irregular, or slow flow of something. _A trickle of customers._ :es: goteo, reguero __2__ Come or go slowly or gradually. _She trickle out, shocking friends and connections in the sports world._ _A trickle of electricity._ _A trickle of sunlight._ __3__ The act of trickling.  
__trickle<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ _vi_ To flow or fall by drops, or in a small, gentle stream: _Tears trickled down her cheeks._ __2__ _vi_ To come, go, or pass bit by bit, slowly, or irregularly: _The guests trickled out of the room._ _The money trickled in._ __3__ _vt_ To cause to trickle.  
__trite__ _adj_ :nine::m: When you want to indicate that something is silly or overused, you would call it trite. A love song with lyrics about holding hands in the sunshine? Totally trite. Trite has a Latin root, the past participle of terere, meaning “wear out.” An old-fashioned or outdated definition of the word is “frayed or worn out by use,” and you can see how the meaning for an object that is worn out can be applied to an idea that has been used to the point of being meaningless. The antonym of this word is original.  
__trudge__ _v_ :nine::m: (trudged, trudging) To walk in a laborious, heavy-footed way; plod. Walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud. _Mules plodded in a circle around a grindstone._ _Syn_ footslog, plod, slog, tramp, pad  
__twitch<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ _vt_ To draw, pull, or move suddenly and sharply; jerk: _I twitched my fishing line._ _The curtain was twitched._ __2__ _vi_ To move jerkily or spasmodically. _A curtain twitched in the house next door._ __3__ _vi_ To ache sharply from time to time; twinge.  
__unabashed__ _adj_ :nine::m: /un-uh-BASHT/ Not ashamed, disconcerted, or apologetic; boldly certain of one’s position. Not disconcerted or embarrassed; poised. _Syn_ unembarrassed _An unabashed fan._ _Unabashed humor._  
__unapologetic__ _adj_ :nine::m: Not willing to apologize or to make an apology. _Pfizer has been unapologetic about its gains from the virus._  
__undercut<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To diminish or destroy the province or effectiveness of; undermine. _Why do you undercut yourself so much?_ _If you’re sporting self-doubt, you’ve undercut your performance before you even begin._ __2__ (Commerce) To charge less than (a competitor) in order to obtain trade. __3__ To cut away the under part of (something). __4__ (General Sporting Terms) _sport_ To hit (a ball) in such a way as to impart backspin.  
__undermine__ _vt_ :nine::m: /ˌʌndəˈmaɪn/ (undermined) __1__ To weaken by wearing away a base or foundation: _Water has undermined the stone foundations._ __2__ To weaken, injure, or impair, often by degrees or imperceptibly; sap: _Late hours can undermine one’s health._ __3__ To dig beneath; excavate ground from under, so as to form a tunnel or mine.  
__underpin__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To support from below, as with props, girders, or masonry. __2__ To give support or substance to: _assumptions that underpinned their claims._  
__unduly__ _adv_ :nine::m: Excessively; immoderately: _unduly familiar with strangers._ _I wasn’t unduly worried._ :es: excesivamente; indebidamente  
__unfazed__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ʌnˈfeɪzd/ Not disconcerted; unperturbed. _Her criticism left him quite unfazed._ :es: Sus críticas le dejaban tan pancho. _She was completely unfazed by the extraordinary events._ _They are unfazed by all fof this._ :es: Se quedó como si nada ante unos sucesos tan extraordinarios.  
__unfettered__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ʌnˈfɛtəd/ /un-FET-erd/ Not kept under retraint; uninhibited. _Exposed to unfettered political advocacy._ _Unfettered by commutes._ _Unfettered flow of information._ _Unfettered travel._  
__unfold__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ To open or spread out or be opened or spread out from a folded state. __2__ To reveal or be revealed: _the truth unfolds._ _Mysteries unfold._ __3__ To develop or expand or be developed or expanded.  
__unruly__ _adj_ :nine::m: Difficult or impossible to discipline, control, or rule. _Unruly campaign speeches._ _Unruly hair._ :es: rebelde, revoltoso  
__upend<sup>1</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: __1__ To stand, set, or turn on one end: _upend an oblong box._ __2__ To affect drastically or radically, as tastes, opinions, or reputations. To invalidate, destroy, or change completely; overthrow: _upended a popular legend_. _The earthquake upended the nation last week._ __3__ To win victory over; defeat. To defeat in competition.  
__upheaval__ _n_ :nine::m: /ʌpˈhi vəl/ A state of violent disturbance and disorder (as in politics or social conditions generally).  
__uphold__ _vt_ :nine::m: __3__ To maintain or affirm: _uphold a standard of behavior._ _Syn_ support When you uphold something, you stick up for or support it. _Police officers are paid to uphold the law, and crazy Elvis fans uphold their belief that he’s still alive out there somewhere._ [If you reverse the two parts of this word, you get hold up. And that’s exactly what upholding is: holding up or supporting an idea or practice.]  
__upscale<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Things that are upscale are made for rich people—they are high class, well made, or just plain pricey. _In an upscale area._ _Upscale hotel._ _Upsale furnishings._ _Upscale shops._  
__upshot__ _n_ :dart::nine::m: The final outcome. _Syn_ conclusion, result _The upshot of the disagreement was that they broke up the partnership._  
__uptick__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A rise or improvement, esp. in business. __2__ A slight rise or rising trend in the stock market.  
__varsity__ _n_ :nine::m: The principal team representing a university, college, or school in sports, games, or other competitions. The word varsity identifies the starting team in a sport at a college or university. You have to be good to make varsity. At many schools, sports are a big deal. Thousands of people flock to college football and basketball games, plus other sports. The members of the starting team are varsity players. Varsity players are the best players: that’s why they start, and they usually finish the game too. It can take a while for a player to make varsity status. _Syn_ first team _He started dating another varsity athlete._ _The junior varsity squad._ _He was on the junior varsity team._ _She was determined to make the varsity basketball team and practiced her game all summer._  
__veneer__ _n_ :nine::m: (veneers) __1__ A thin surface layer, as of finely grained wood, glued to a base of inferior material. __2__ Any of the thin layers glued together to make plywood. __3__ A decorative facing, as of brick. __4__ :dart: A deceptive, superficial show; a façade: _a veneer of friendliness._ _A veneer of quality._  
__vindicate__ _v_ :nine::m: /VIN-duh-kayt/ __1__ To show that someone is not guilty. _In light of the new evidence, we believe that our client will be completely vindicated._ __2__ To show that someone or something that has been criticized or doubted is correct, true, or reasonable. _Recent volcanic activity on Jupiter’s moon Io vindicates astronomers’ theories about the geologic makeup of that celestial body._  
__wallow__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ _(chiefly of large mammals)_ Roll about or lie relaxed in mud or water, especially to keep cool, avoid biting insects, or spread scent. :es: revolcarse por __2__ _(of a person)_ Indulge in an unrestrained way in (something that one finds pleasurable). _I was wallowing in the luxury of the hotel._ _Syn_ luxuriate, bask, take pleasure, take satisfaction, indulge (oneself) _They tend to wallow in their sorrow._ _Don’t wallow in despair._ :es: regodeo  
__wayward__ _adj_ :nine::m: Someone wayward is a little stubborn and independent — they’re determined to find their own way and are not easily controlled. Being wayward can mean a few things, but they all have something to do with doing your own thing — often, going against what others want you to do. A rebellious student is wayward. A son who ignores his parent’s advice is wayward. A politician who goes against everyone else in his political party is wayward. Wayward folks like to go their own way — and they often take the unexpected path. _A wayward boy._ _Wayward corporations._ :es: díscolo  
__wean__ _vt_ :nine::m: (weaned, weaning) __1__ To accustom (the young of a mammal) to take nourishment other than by suckling. :es: destetar __2__ To detach from that to which one is strongly habituated or devoted: _She weaned herself from cigarettes._ __3__ To accustom to or familiarize with something from, or as if from, childhood. Often used with _on_. _A brilliant student weaned on the classics._  
__weaponize__ _v_ :nine::m: To adapt for use as a weapon of war; to make something suitable for use to harm somebody or to damage something. _They may have weaponized quantities of anthrax._  
__wharf__ _n_ :nine::m: (_n pl_ wharves) __1__ A pier where ships or boats are tied up and loaded or unloaded. A platform built out from the shore into the water and supported by piles; provides access to ships and boats. _Syn_ pier, wharfage, dock _Among factories and wharves._ _A slatted building perched atop a wharf._ :es: muelle, embarcadero  
__whet__ _v_ :nine::m: (whetted, whetting) __1__ To sharpen (a knife, for example); hone. _The keenest whetted blades._ __2__ To make more keen; stimulate. _Syn_ quicken, pique _The frying bacon whetted my appetite._ _Whetting the appetite for next year’s Part 2._  
__whiplash__ _n_ :nine::m: Injury caused by a severe jerk to the head, typically in a car accident. _Suffering from whiplash, he spent weeks with his neck in a collar._ _An amazing, whiplash-inducing performance._ _Economic whiplash._ :es: latigazo  
__whisk<sup>1</sup>__ _vi_ :nine::m: To move lightly, nimbly, and rapidly. _To whisk it away._ _He whisked his wife and 6-year-old daughter back to Afganistan._ _Let Europe’s fastest elevator whisk you 24 floors in a mere 20 seconds._  
__whisk<sup>2</sup>__ _vt_ :nine::m: (whisked) __1__ To move or cause to move with quick light sweeping motions: _whisked crumbs off the table; whisked the children away._ _She whisked into the kitchen._ _The Aerial Tram whisks skiers up 2,900 feet in just 10 minutes._ __2__ To whip (eggs or cream).  
__wield__ _v_ :nine::m: (wields, wielded, wielding) Hold and use (a weapon or tool): _a masked raider wielding a handgun._ _Syn_ brandish :es: (sword) blandir  
__willy-nilly__ _adj, adv_ :nine::m: (willy nilly) Whether desired or not: _After her boss fell sick, she willy-nilly found herself directing the project._ :es: a la fuerza  
__wince__ _vi_ :nine::m: To shrink or start involuntarily, as in pain or distress; flinch. _He was wincing in pain._  
__wisp__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A thin, light, delicate, or fibrous piece or strand, such as a streak of smoke or a lock of hair. _A wisp of dust._ _Wisps of her hair had fallen loose from her barrette._ _Wisps of rain._ _A wisp of a mustache._ __2__ _Agriculture_ A small bundle, as of hay or straw. __3__ Anything slender and delicate: _a wisp of a girl._ __4__ A mere suggestion or hint. __5__ _Zoology_ A flock of birds, esp snipe.  
__wondrous<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Remarkable or extraordinary; wonderful.  
__writhe__ _v_ :nine::m: /RYTHE/ /raɪð/ Writhe means “to twist.” The word is often used when the body or a bodily part is twisting, and especially when it is twisting in pain. _After suffering an injury during the game, he lay on the football field, writhing in pain._ _Dirt flies as 2,500 pounds writhing animal charge across the arena._ _Like writhing red fire._ _The river came alive, writhing._ _Joe writhed in terrible pain._  
__yarn__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A continuous twisted strand of natural or synthetic fibres, used in weaving, knitting, etc. _Nylon yarn._ __2__ _informal_ A long and often involved story or account, usually telling of incredible or fantastic events. _Political yarns._  
__zany__ _adj_ :nine::m: /ZAY-nee/ Amusingly unconventional and idiosyncratic. _His zany humour._ _Syn_ eccentric, bizarre, weird, peculiar, odd, quirky _A zany zebra._ _Zany fruitcakes._ :es: estrafalario, surrealista  
