__at any rate__ :nine::m: Whatever happens or may have happened. _For the moment, at any rate, he was safe._ _Syn_ in any case, anyhow, anyway, at all events, in any event, nevertheless :es: de todos modos, de todas formas  
__at the end of the day__ :nine::m: In the end. Ultimately. In the final reckoning. _Syn_ basically, essentially, in summary, in the end, to recap, to summarize, to sum up, when all is said and done  
__bank on__ :nine::m: To rely on a future occurrence (even though it might not happen). Rely on, count on. For example, _You can bank on Molly’s caterer to do a good job._ This expression alludes to _bank_ as a reliable storage place for money. To have confidence in; to rely on somebody or something. _Ted was banking on that._ _Fillon can beat Le Pen, but don’t bank on it._ _I’ve really been banking on a holiday bonus this year—I don’t have enough money to buy presents without it._  
__bristle with something__ _phr v_ :nine::m: [:sound: bristled with] (bristled, bristling) Be covered with or abundant in. _Syn_ abound, swarm, teem, crawl, overflow _The roof bristled with antennae._ _He bristled with news reporters in South Africa._ :es: estar repleto  
__call out__ :nine::m: __1__ To announce something. In this usage, a noun or pronoun can be used between “call” and “out.” _Once everyone is seated, the host will call out the winners’ names._ _If you’ve got Bingo, call it out!_ __2__ To shout in an attempt to draw attention to oneself. _I called out to my best friend when I saw her walking down the street, but she had headphones on and couldn’t hear me._ _My husband came running when he heard me call out for help._ __3__ :dart: To confront one about one’s misdeeds or unpleasant behavior. In this usage, a noun or pronoun can be used between “call” and “out.” _If your intern keeps coming in late, you need to call her out on it._ _He called me out for being late._ _Never call out a narcissist._ _Why would you publicly call out someone for a typo?_ __4__ To challenge one to a fight. In this usage, a noun or pronoun can be used between “call” and “out.” _I wouldn’t call that guy out—I know for a fact that he carries a knife._ __5__ To request one’s aid or presence. In this usage, a noun or pronoun can be used between “call” and “out.” _When that case had me stumped, I called another detective out to review it with me._ _The president called out military troops when the situation became unstable._ __6__ To utilize something, often a quality or skill. In this usage, a noun or pronoun can be used between “call” and “out.” _The championship game was so intense that I really had to call out my mental toughness just to get through it._ __7__ To order something by phone. _Just tell me what you want for dinner, and I’ll call out for it._  
__case in point__ :nine::m: A specific example of what one is talking about. An example that demonstrates a point being made as truthful or correct. _Now, as a case in point, let’s look at nineteenth-century England._ _Fireworks can be dangerous. For a case in point, look at what happened to Bob Smith last Fourth of July._  
__chip away__ :dart::nine::m: __1__ To break off fragments of something. _We won’t be able to move this huge rock until we chip away at it and make it smaller._ __2__ To come off of something in small pieces. _The paint is so old that it has completely chipped away from this side of the house._ __3__ :dart: To complete small, incremental portions of a task. _Try not to get too overwhelmed about cleaning the house and just chip away at it one room at a time._  
__chip on (someone) shoulders__ :nine::m::dart: [:sound: chip on his shoulder] (chip on his shoulder, chip on one’s shoulder) A disposition to quarrel. _Let’s walk into that meeting tomorrow with a chip on our shoulders._  
__come to terms with (someone or something)__ :nine::m: To begin to or make an effort to understand, accept, and deal with a difficult or problematic person, thing, or situation. _I should have the report ready for you by this afternoon, I just need to come to terms with this new software update first._ _I’ve tried, but I just can’t come to terms with Amy, she’s totally out of control!_  
__day in and day out__ :nine::m: Without respite. For an indefinite number of successive days. _He does the same thing at work day in and day out._ _He plays chess day in and day out._ _Syn_ all the time  
__fall short__ :nine::m: __1__ To fail to meet or reach some goal, standard, expectation, etc. To fail to attain a specified amount, level, or degree: _an athlete whose skill fell far short of expectations._ To fail to meet or reach some goal, standard, expectation, etc. _The company usually makes very high-quality devices, but their latest model falls quite short, unfortunately._ __2__ To prove inadequate: _Food supplies fell short._ _He has fallen short as an exec._  
__far cry (from something)__ :nine::m: [:sound: far cry from] A thing that is very different from something else. _It is a far cry from the 1970s._ _The office was a far cry from Pete’s domains._  
__follow suit__ :dart::nine::m: To do the same thing as others, especially by following their example. The phrase comes from card games, where there are four “suits” (diamonds, hearts, spades, and clubs). _The people in front of us began to file out of the auditorium, and we followed suit._  
__for better or worse__ :nine::m: (for better or (for) worse) Under good or bad circumstances, with good or bad effect. Whether something is good or bad.  
__front and center__ :nine::m: In a very conspicuous or notable place; at the forefront of some space. _I can’t believe that my daughter is on stage, front and center!_  
__game-changer__ :dart::nine::m: (game changer) An idea or event that significantly changes the way something is done or thought about.  
__gaslight__ :nine::m: (gaslighting) To manipulate someone psychologically so that they begin to doubt their experience of reality. The phrase comes from the 1938 play _Gas Light_, in which the protagonist attempts to induce insanity in his wife by constantly questioning or doubting her reports of strange events, such as the dimming of the house’s gas lights (which has in fact occurred and is related to the husband’s nefarious activities). _Her husband must be gaslighting her because she suddenly doubts all the evidence that she’s found of his indiscretions._ _The administration has been accused of gaslighting with its repeated attempts to spread disinformation._  
__go a long way__ :dart::nine::m: __1__ To achieve much success. _You’ll go a long way if you learn to never quit._ __2__ To be very useful or helpful. _Don’t do anything rash—patience will go a long way toward bringing you allies in this situation._ _Go a long way toward minimizing damage._ _Good looks and youth went a long way._  
__go south__ :nine::m: __1__ To escape; to vanish or disappear. _Everyone in the gang went south when they learned that the police had discovered their hideout._ __2__ To fall or drop; to depreciate; to lose quality or value. (Especially related to finances or stock exchanges.) _I used to be a big player in the stock market, but all my investments have gone south lately._ __3__ To cease working or functioning; to quit, fail, or fall apart. _That’s when things start going south._ _You’ve got a career there, if all this goes south._ _This one went south on me._ _That’s when everything went south._  
__hands down__ :nine::m: Easily, decisively, or without question. The term originates from horse racing, in which jockeys assured of a victory may lower their hold on the reins in the final stretch. _This is the best pie I’ve ever had, hands down!_ _We were really unprepared for our last game, and the other team won hands down._ _Hands down, best episode ever._ _It beats other cinemas hands down._  
__in full swing__ :nine::m: Well underway and operating at the highest possible level or pace. _The conference was in full swing when I arrived._  
__in the thick of it/(something)__ :nine::m: [:sound: in the thick of it] Very busy; in the middle of or preoccupied with something or several things. _Utah Clean Energy has been in the thick of it._ _When you are in the thick of it, that is sometimes the last thing you want to hear._  
__keep tab(s) (on someone or something)__ :nine::m: [:sound: keep taps on] (keep track (of someone or something)) To monitor someone or something; to follow the activities of someone or something. :es: vigilar _Keep close tabs on problems as they occur._ _I don’t keep tabs on him._ _Ed kept close tabs on his brother._ _Is May keeping nervous tabs on her rivals?_  
__kindred spirit__ :nine::m: [:sound: kindred spirit] (kindred spirits) An individual with the same beliefs, attitudes or feelings as oneself. _Dean and I are kindred spirits when it comes to spending money-we’re both tight._ _Syn_ kindred soul _A kindred spirit._ :es: almas gemelas  
__laid-back__ _adj_ :nine::m: [:sound: laid-back] __1__ Calm, casual, or at ease. Unhurried and relaxed. _Syn_ mellow _Laid-back guy or people._ _Australia’s laid back lifestyle._ _Oh, I’m sure Tim isn’t worried about any of this—he’s so laid-back._ _Such a laid back place._ __2__ Intoxicated.  
__let alone__ :nine::m: [:sound: let-alone] Not to mention. The phrase is used to emphasize that if other more significant or pressing things are not possible or cannot be accommodated, a lesser thing certainly is not or cannot either. _We can’t afford a vacation, let alone a trip to Disney World._ _If you’re living in the present, let alone in the future, you must buy this Acme product._ _Emotionally intelligent leaders go to great lengths not to be bowled over by their emotions, let alone spread the negative ones._  
__lo and behold__ :astonished::nine::m::pencil2: _spoken_ A phrase used to indicate something surprising or unexpected. _I’d been searching for my glasses all over the house when, lo and behold, they were on my head the whole time._  
__make waves__ :nine::m: (making waves) Cause a disturbance or controversy. _We’ve finally settled our differences, so please don’t make waves._ This expression alludes to causing turbulence in the water. _Make waves with an Apple computer._  
__once and for all__ :nine::m: [:scroll: This expression is in effect an abbreviation for “one time and for all time.”] Exceptionally uncommon or unusually excellent. Hyphenated if used before a noun. FAs a settled matter, finally, permanently, as in _Once and for all, we’re not hiring that organist again_, or _We’ve settled that question once and for all._ _This is a one-in-a-million opportunity for us—we’d be fools not to seize it while we have the chance!_ _Great shot, kid—that was one in a million!_  
__put up with (someone or something)__ :dart::nine::m: [:sound: put up with] To abide or endure someone or something that one finds unpleasant, inconvenient, or annoying. To endure without complaint: _We had to put up with the inconvenience._ _They don’t put up with bullshit._ _We’re not going to put up with this anymore._ _People put up with it._ _I can put up with the injury._ _She put up with the men in her life because she had to._ _I don’t know how you put up with John—he’s such a loudmouth!_  
__ramp up__ :nine::m: To increase. A noun or pronoun can be used between “ramp” and “up.” _Ever since that break-in, they’ve really ramped up security at the office._ _The country needs to ramp up its CCTA program to meet demand._  
__rock the boat__ :nine::m: To do or say something that might endanger a stable situation or upset the status quo. _None of my family members are fighting with each other right now, so please don’t rock the boat by bringing up politics or any other controversial topics._  
__save the day__ :dart::nine::m: To produce a good result when a bad result was expected. _The team was expected to lose, but Sally made three points and saved the day._  
__secret weapon__ _n_ :nine::m: Something that will help you gain a big advantage over your competitors, that they do not know about.  
__spot on__ _informal_ :nine::m: (spot-on) Exactly right; perfectly accurate. Often hyphenated when used before a noun.  
__take (someone, something, or some place) by storm__ :nine::m: __2__ To win or gain huge and widespread success or popularity very rapidly. _Baby Yoda took the world by storm and overshadowed his co-stars instantaneously._ _Nvidia stock price has doubled since generative AI took the world by storm last fall._ _Stability AI took the world by storm with its introduction of Stability Diffusion last summer._  
__tap into (something)__ :nine::m: __1__ To make a strong or advantageous connection with. To establish a connection with (something), especially in order to take advantage. _Trying to tap into a new market._ _Tap into the dark side of the Force._ __2__ To access some large, abundant, or powerful resource. To gain access to some resource: _The building tapped into the city’s water supply._ _When he ran out of money, he decided to tap into his trust fund._ _The man was found guilty for illegally tapping into the city’s electrical grid without paying._  
__tap into__ :nine::m: __1__ To establish a connection with; have access to: _tapped into a new market for their products._ _It has allowed me to tap into my best talents._ __2__ To take advantage of: _tapped into their enthusiasm to improve the school._ _A good way to tap into their wallets._ _To tap into the millions of dollars to be made from apps._ _It’s possible that a new loan wouldn’t have to be tapped into immediately._ _We can all tap into our innate brilliance._  
__the writing on the wall__ :dart::nine::m: (the (hand)writing on the wall, the (hand)writing is on the wall) An omen of impending disaster or ruin. _I’ve seen the writing on the wall._ _He could see the handwriting on the wall._  
__then again__ :nine::m: [:sound: then again] From another standpoint; on the other hand; on second thought; from a different, conflicting, or contradictory point of view. An opposite possibility. _I need a vacation. Then again, so do my coworkers._ _Then again, you might not remember it._ _It’s too bad she won’t live. But then again, who does?_  
__time and (time) again__ :nine::m::dart: Repeatedly; on multiple occasions. Again and again; repeatedly. _Why do you continue to trust John when he has lied to you time and again?_  
__wake-up call__ :nine::m: __1__ An event that triggers a sense of urgency or the motivation to make a change. _Harold’s sudden chest pain was the wake-up call he needed to finally see his doctor._ __2__ A phone call that one schedules to be placed to one’s hotel room in order to be woken up at a certain time. _I set an alarm and scheduled a wake-up call so there’s no way I oversleep for the first conference session tomorrow._  
__yada, yada(, yada)__ :dart::nine::m: (yadda yadda yadda) __1__ _slang_ [:scroll: The phrase was popularized by the television show Seinfeld in the 1990s.] Used to summarize, characterize, or represent information or chatter that one finds boring, trivial, or unnecessary. Boring or empty talk. Sometimes spelled “yadda, yadda, yadda.” _So then I ran into my friend, Sarah. Sarah and I went to high school together, and we were really good friends until we had a bit of a falling out. Yada, yada, yada, the point is that I haven’t seen her in a long time._ __2__ _slang_ By extension, et cetera; so on and so forth. _A: “What are you up to tonight?” B: “Not much. Dinner, homework, yada, yada. How about you?”_ _There were all sorts of things stuck in that attic—old furniture, dolls’ houses, broken appliances, yada, yada, yada._  
__you name it__ :dart::nine::m: You say _you name it_, usually after or before a list, to show that you are talking about a very wide range of things. _Pickled cucumbers, jam, pickled berries, tomatoes; you name it, they’ve got it._ _Foo, bar, baz—you name it._  
