__angst__ _n_ :nine::m: A feeling of deep anxiety or dread, typically an unfocused one about the human condition or the state of the world in general. _Syn_ anxiety, fear, dread, apprehension, worry _The existential angst of the middle classes._  
__animosity__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ Bitter hostility or open enmity; active hatred. _She tried to put her animosity aside._ __2__ A hostile feeling or act. :es: rencor  
__backdrop__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A painted cloth hung at the back of a stage set. Also called backcloth. __2__ The setting, as of a historical event; the background. _These massacres took place against the backdrop of a war._  
__balk__ _v_ :nine::m: /bɔːlk,bɔːk/ (balked) Hesitate or be unwilling to accept an idea or undertaking. _Syn_ eschew, resist _He balked at such a drastic solution._ _Cities balk as federal law on marijuana is enforced._  
__beholden__ _adj_ :nine::m: Owing thanks or having a duty to someone in return for help or a service. _Syn_ indebted, obligated, under an obligation, obliged, bound _I don’t like to be beholden to anybody._  
__beleaguered__ _adj_ :nine::m: Put in a very difficult situation. _The board is supporting the beleaguered director._ _Syn_ hard-pressed, troubled  
__bemoan__ _v_ :nine::m: (bemoaned, bemoaning) To moan or complain about; be dismayed or worried about something.  
__berate__ _v_ :nine::m: (berated, berating) Scold or criticize (someone) angrily. _Syn_ chew out, chide, rebuke, reproof, scold, lambast, reprimand, remonstrate _The coach berated the players for their lackluster performance on the field._ _She started berating black and Latino nannies, who, she said, can’t even take care of their own children._ _Sam’s lawyer berated Dogan for half a day._  
__bespoke<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Custom-made. _Bespoke clothing._ _They provide bespoke forecast for London Heathrow Airport._  
__bestow__ _v_ :nine::m: /bɪˈstəʊ/ (bestowed) Confer or present (an honour, right, or gift). _Syn_ confer on, present to, award to, give, grant _The award has been bestowed on luminaries like Daw Aung San Suu Kyi and Nelson Mandela._  
__bevy__ _n_ :nine::m: A large group of people or things of a particular kind. _He was surrounded by a bevy of beautiful girls._ _A bevy of admirers._ _A bevy of autos will be on display._ _A bevy of drunken sailors._ _Syn_ group, crowd, herd, flock, horde :es: grupo, bandada, manada  
__bleak__ _adj_ __1__ :nine::m: _(of an area of land)_ Lacking vegetation and exposed to the elements. _A bleak and barren moor._ _This bleak and hostile environment._ _Syn_ bare, exposed, desolate, stark, arid, desert __2__ :two: _(of a building or room)_ Charmless and inhospitable; dreary. _He looked round the bleak little room in despair._ __3__ :four: _(of the weather)_ Cold and miserable. _A bleak midwinter’s day._ _She paints a bleak picture of the future._ _Syn_ cold, keen, raw, harsh, wintry  
__bode__ _v_ :nine::m: (bodes, boding) Be a portent of a particular outcome. Indicate by signs. _These signs bode bad news._ _Syn_ augur, presage, portend, foretell _St-Pierre’s return bodes well for nation._ _His conservative definition does not bode well for those who object to having their lives subject to spying._  
__bolster<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (bolstered) Support or strengthen. _The fall in interest rates is starting to bolster confidence._ _Syn_ strengthen, support, reinforce :es: reforzar  
__boon__ _n_ :nine::m: /buːn/ A thing that is helpful or beneficial. _A consistent lexicon is a great boon to the programmers who must use your code._ _The route will be a boon to many travellers._ _Syn_ blessing, godsend, bonus, good thing, benefit, help, aid, advantage, gain  
__brace__ _v_ :nine::m::astonished: (braces, braced, bracing) A brace is a support that helps to steady or strengthen, and to brace is to prepare for something hard. _So brace yourself for that impromptu meeting with your boss if you haven’t been performing well._ _Online media companies are bracing for change._ _Residents brace themselves for more rain._  
__bristle with something__ _phr v_ :nine::m: (bristled, bristling) Be covered with or abundant in. _Syn_ abound, swarm, teem, crawl, overflow _The roof bristled with antennae._ _He bristled with news reporters in South Africa._ :es: estar repleto  
__brittle<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Something brittle is easily broken. _Do you have brittle bones? Then no football or rugby for you._ :es: frágil  
__buck<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (bucked, bucking) __1__ To leap upward arching the back: _The horse bucked in fright._ _Most of the men have never ridden a bucking animal._ _A wagon was overturned as horses bucked and shied._ __2__ To oppose directly and stubbornly; go against: _"Los Angeles County, the most populous county in the country, is bucking the trend.”_ (American Demographics) _Twenty players have bucked the trend by staying with one high school program._ _Many officers bucked the chain of command._  
__buckle__ _v_ :nine::m: (buckled) Bend and give way under pressure or strain. _The earth buckled under the titanic stress._ _My knees buckle with fright._ _Syn_ warp, bend  
__callous<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m::dart: __1__ Having calluses; toughened: _callous skin on the elbow._ __2__ Emotionally hardened; unfeeling: _a callous indifference to the suffering of others._ :es: insensible, cruel  
__cap<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (capped, capping) __1__ _informal_ To capitalize. __2__ Lie at the top of. _Snow capped the mountains._ __3__ Restrict the number or amount of. _We had to cap the number of people we can accept into our club._ __4__ Provide a fitting climax or conclusion to. _The most capped player._  
__careen__ _v_ :nine::m::camera: (careens, careened, careening) __1__ _(nautical)_ To heave a ship down on one side so as to expose the other, in order to clean it of barnacles and weed, or to repair it below the water line. __2__ _(nautical)_ To tilt on one side. __3__ To lurch or sway violently from side to side. _An open-air tour bus careened wildly out of control._ __4__ To tilt or lean while in motion. __5__ To career, to move rapidly straight ahead.  
__chagrin<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: A feeling of vexation, marked by disappointment or humiliation. _Syn_ annoyance, irritation, vexation, exasperation _To my chagrin, he was nowhere to be seen._ _She later rooted for the Universiity of Texas, much to the chagrin of her husband and son, both alumni of rival schools._  
__chasm__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A deep, steep-sided opening in the earth’s surface; an abyss or gorge. __2__ A sudden interruption of continuity; a gap. __3__ A pronounced difference of opinion, interests, or loyalty.  
__churn<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (churned, churning) __1__ If your stomach churns or something churns your stomach, you feel sick from nervousness, disgust, etc. _Just thinking about the test made my stomach churn._ _The violence in the movie churned my stomach._ __2__ To agitate in order to make into butter: _to churn cream._ __3__ To make (butter) by the agitation of cream. __4__ To shake or agitate: _The storm churned the sea._ _Churning sand._ _A surge of churning water._ _The hype machine churning into overdrive._  
__clamber__ _v_ :nine::m: (clambered, clambering) To climb (something) awkwardly, esp by using both hands and feet. _He clambered to his feet._ _She clambered down to the ground._ _Up the darkest wall he clambered, to become a darker shadow clinging to the wall just under the ceiling._  
__clinch__ _v_ :nine::m: (clinched) __1__ To secure (a driven nail) by bending the protruding point over. __2a__ To settle (an argument, bargain, etc.) definitely. _Only two places seem clinched._ __b__ To make sure of winning; win conclusively. _A 45-yarder clinched the game._ __3__ _US, boxing_ Grapple at close quarters, especially (of boxers) so as to be too closely engaged for full-arm blows. _Syn_ grapple, wrestle, struggle with each other  
__clout<sup>1</sup>__ _n informal_ :nine::m: Influence; _esp_ effective political power. _Latino interests are increasing their political clout._ _The Cubs are unleashing their new clout._  
__co-op__ _n_ :nine::m: Any co-operative, including housing, retail, utility, agricultural, banking or worker cooperatives. _The co-op received loans of $73 million._ _Co-op spokeswoman._  
__confound__ _v_ :nine::m: (confounded, confounding) __1__ To astound or perplex; bewilder. __2__ To mix up; confuse. __3__ To treat mistakenly as similar to or identical with (one or more other things). __4__ To curse or damn (usually as an expletive in the phrase confound it!). __5__ To contradict or refute (an argument, etc). __6__ To rout or defeat (an enemy).  
__contention__ _n_ :nine::m: Heated disagreement. _Braintree and Dover are in contention for promotion from the National League._ _A contention disputed by independent experts._ :es: contienda  
__crackdown__ _n_ :nine::m: Severely repressive actions. _In 2002, Chávez ordered a crackdown on political opponents._ _Generals continued their crackdowns._ :es: medidas energéticas (en contra)  
__cram__ _v_ :nine::m: (crammed, cramming) __1__ To force (people, material, etc) into (a room, container, etc) with more than it can hold; stuff. _On the weekends, she crams in as much physical activity as she can._ _A cram year._ _Cramming new tests into the suite._ _A late-night cram session._ __2__ To eat or cause to eat more than necessary. __3__ _(Education)_ _informal_ To study or cause to study (facts, etc), _esp_ for an examination, by hastily memorizing.  
__crimp<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (crimped) To press or pinch into small regular folds or ridges: _crimp a pie crust._  
__curtail__ _v_ :nine::m: (curtailed) Reduce in extent or quantity; impose a restriction on. _He must curtail the mistakes._ _The government is conspiring to curtail liberties._ :es: hacer restringir  
__dazzling__ _adj_ :nine::m: (dazzlingly) __1__ Extremely bright, especially so as to blind the eyes temporarily. _The sunlight was dazzling._ _Syn_ extremely bright, blinding, glaring __2__ Extremely impressive, beautiful, or skilful. _A dazzling display of football._ _Syn_ impressive, remarkable, extraordinary, outstanding, exceptional  
__decry__ _v_ :nine::m: (decried; decrying) Publicly denounce. _They decried human rights abuses._ _Ms. Le Pen decried the family subsidies that immigrants receive just as native-born French people do._ _Democrats were decrying what they called a war on women._  
__deterrent__ _n_ :nine::m: A deterrent makes you not want to do something. Let’s say there’s a giant pile of cookies being guarded by an angry dog — the dog is a deterrent. People talk about deterrents most often when discussing crime. The death penalty is supposed to be a deterrent — the idea is that people will be so scared of the death penalty that they won’t commit certain crimes. Jail is another deterrent. Teachers also use deterrents — the possibility of getting detention is a deterrent that should encourage students to behave. A deterrent is the opposite of a reward. A reward encourages you to do the right thing, while a deterrent discourages you from doing the wrong thing.  
__din__ _n_ :nine::m: A loud, unpleasant, and prolonged noise. _The fans made an awful din._ _Those voices are lost in the din._ _Syn_ noise, racket, rumpus, ruckus, cacophony, babel :es: estruendo, ruido, estrépito, jaleo  
__discharge__ _v_ :nine::m::dart: (discharged) To discharge is to fire a gun or an employee, or to set someone free from a hospital or jail. You’d probably like being discharged from jail, but not from your job, unless you really hate it. _Hospitals and jails provide homeless with a list of places where they can get help after discharge._ _Discharge policies._ _His honorable discharge in 1974._ _An officer discharged his weapon._ (Why not 'fired’?) _The patient was discharged the day after the operation._  
__disparage__ _v_ :nine::m: (disparaged, disparaging) To criticize someone or something in a way that shows you do not think they are very good or important.  
__dole out__ _v_ :nine::m: (doled out, doling out) To give or deliver in small portions. _Pringles will dole out thousands of speakers that fit atop Pringles cans and amplify music from MP3 players._ _Doling out a familiar meal._  
__double down__ _v_ :nine::m: To become more tenacious, zealous, or resolute in a position or undertaking. _Doubling down on sanctions._  
__dwindle__ _v_ :nine::m: (dwindled, dwindling) __1__ To decrease, shrink, diminish, reduce in size. __2__ To fall away in quality; degenerate, sink.  
__embezzle__ _v_ :nine::m: /ɪmˈbɛz(ə)l,ɛm-/ (embezzling, embezzlement) Steal or misappropriate (money placed in one’s trust or belonging to the organization for which one works). _Syn_ misappropriate, steal, rob, thieve, pilfer, appropriate _She had embezzled £5,600,000 in company funds._ _He is awaiting trial on charges of helping emblezzle and laundeer $10 million through Delaware shells._ :es: malversación  
__encroach__ _v_ :nine::m: (encroaching) __1__ To take another’s possessions or rights gradually or stealthily: _encroach on a neighbor’s land._ __2__ To advance beyond proper or former limits: _desert encroaching upon grassland._ :es: ir comiéndole el terreno a alguien, traspasar, invadir  
__enthuse__ _v_ :nine::m: (enthused, enthusing) __1__ To speak with or show enthusiasm. __2__ To cause to become enthusiastic. _It has enthused fans._  
__ethos__ _n_ :nine::m: The disposition, character, or fundamental values peculiar to a specific person, people, culture, or movement. _They cultivated a subversive alternative ethos._ _The ethos of employees helping one another has stayed strong._ _The D.I.Y. ethos._ _The militaristic ethos of SWAT._ :es: espíritu, escala de valores  
__evict__ _v_ :nine::m: (evicted) To force out or expel, especially to remove (a tenant) from rented accommodation or land by a legal process.  
__exacerbate__ _v_ :nine::m: (exacerbated, exacerbating) Make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse. _Rising inflation was exacerbated by the collapse of oil prices._ _Syn_ aggravate, make worse, worsen  
__fallout__ _n informal_ :nine::m: Side-effects; secondary consequences. _The fallout from the release of the emails threatened to undermine Mr. Christie’s carefully cultivated image._ _The Fukushima fallout._  
__far cry (from something)__ _n_ _idiom_ :nine::m: A thing that is very different from something else. _It is a far cry from the 1970s._ _The office was a far cry from Pete’s domains._  
__felon__ _n_ :nine::m: A person who has committed a felony. _Hairston has been tied to a felon through rental cars._  
__festoon__ _v_ :nine::m: (festooned) __1__ To hang or form festoons round (a room, etc.) __2__ To cover (something) profusely and gaily with decorations. _His podium was festooned with a sign._  
__field__ _v_ :nine::m: (fielded, fielding) __1__ _cricket, baseball_ Attempt to catch or stop the ball and return it after it has been hit by the batsman or batter, thereby preventing runs being scored or base runners advancing. __2__ Send out (a team or individual) to play in a game. __3__ Answer adequately or successfully. _To field questions._ _Fielding emails._ _Fielding offers._  
__flair__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A special or instinctive aptitude or ability for doing something well. _Syn_ aptitude, talent, gift, knack _She had a flair for languages._ __2__ Stylishness and originality. _Syn_ style _He hopes to bring back that flair._  
__fledgling__ _adj_ :nine::m::pencil2: __1__ A young bird that has just fledged. :es: pichón __2__ A person or organization that is immature, inexperienced, or underdeveloped. _Fledgling entrepreneurs._  
__flout__ _v_ :nine::m: (flouts, flouted, flouting) /flaʊt/ To ignore or disregard (a rule or convention, for example) in an open or defiant way. _Syn_ defy, refuse to obey, go against, rebel against, scorn, disdain _Objections by businesses and the agriculture community, which flouted the law._ _Illegal campers who persist in flouting the law._  
__flurry__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ An occasion when there is a lot of activity, interest, excitement, etc. within a short period of time: _a sudden flurry of activity_ _After Emancipation, a passionate flurry ensued._ _Neymar took a flurry of short steps before unleasing a kick to the right of the goalkeeper._ __2__ A small amount of snow, rain, etc. that falls for a short time and then stops: _snow flurries_ :es: _(of snow)_ temporal  
__forfeit<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (forfeited, forfeiting) Lose or be deprived of (property or a right or privilege) as a penalty for wrongdoing. _Those unable to meet their taxes were liable to forfeit their estates._ _I cannot believe my soul will be forfeit._ _We actually had to forfeit a game or two for not having enough players._  
__forgo__ _v_ :nine::m: (forgoes) Go without (something desirable). _Syn_ do without, go without, give up _Iran could simply forgo all indigenous nuclear power development._ :es: abstenerse de  
__forlorn__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Pitifully sad and abandoned or lonely. _Forlorn figures at bus stops._ _Syn_ unhappy, sad __2__ (of an aim or endeavour) Unlikely to succeed or be fulfilled. _A forlorn attempt to escape._ _A forlorn dream._ _Syn_ hopeless, with no chance of success, beyond hope  
__fray<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (frayed) _(of a person’s nerves or temper)_ Show the effects of strain. _Syn_ strain, tax, overtax, irritate, put on edge _The alliance between the groups frayed._  
__fret<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (fretted, fretting) __1__ To distress or be distressed; worry. __2__ To rub or wear away. __3__ To irritate or be irritated; feel or give annoyance or vexation.  
__garner__ _v_ :nine::m: (garnered, garnering) Gather or collect (something, especially information or approval). _The police struggled to garner sufficient evidence._ _Syn_ gather, collect, accumulate, amass, assemble  
__gaunt__ _adj_ :nine::m: Very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold. _Gaunt eyes._ _Gaunt drifter._ :es: demacrado  
__giddy__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Very excited and happy. __2__ Suddenly feeling that you might become unconscious and fall. _He felt giddy._ _Luke felt almost giddy with relief._ _Syn_ dizzy, light-headed, faint, weak :es: mareado  
__give it up for__ _phr v_ :nine::m: Applaud. _Please, give it up for our next guest!_ _Give it up for my friend Adam!_  
__gnaw__ _v_ :nine::m::mute:[~~g~~naw] /nɔː/ (gnawed, gnaw out) To erode or diminish gradually as if by gnawing. _Syn_ chew, bite, nibble _Waves gnawing the rocky shore; watching a dog gnaw at a big bone._ _A demographic crisis gnawing at the industry._  
__grapple<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :dart::nine::m: (grapples, grappled, grappling) __1__ Engage in a close fight or struggle without weapons; wrestle. _Passers-by grappled with the man after the knife attack._ _Syn_ wrestle, struggle, tussle __2__ Seize hold of (someone). _He grappled the young man around the throat._ _Syn_ seize, grab __3__ Struggle to deal with or overcome (a difficulty or challenge). _Other towns are still grappling with the problem._ _Syn_ tackle, confront  
__graze__ _v_ :nine::m: (grazed, grazing) __1__ To feed on growing grasses and herbage. _Some species can graze on the extra algae._ __2__ To scrape or touch something lightly in passing. _Police confirm a young girl was grazed by a bullet._ __3__ To break the skin of (a part of the body) by scraping.  
__gritty__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Composed of or covered with particles resembling meal in texture or consistency. __2__ Willing to face danger. _Syn_ game, gamey, gamy, mettlesome, spirited, spunky, brave, courageous _The gritty determination._ _A gritty victory._  
__gush<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (gushes, gushed, gushing) __1__ To flow forth suddenly in great volume: water gushing from a hydrant. _Kids were dancing in the gushing water._ __2__ To emit a sudden and abundant flow, as of tears. __3__ To make an excessive display of sentiment or enthusiasm: gushed over the baby.  
__hail<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (hails, hailed, hailing) __1__ To greet. __2__ To praise enthusiastically. _The government is hailing Liverpool’s testing pilot as a great success._ __3__ To call out loudly in order to gain the attention of. _She was hailing a ride home._ __4__ Said of the weather when hail is falling.  
__hapless__ _adj_ :nine::m: Use the adjective hapless to describe someone unlucky and deserving of pity, like the hapless used car buyer who gives in to the fast-talking salesperson. The word hapless traces all the way back to the Old Norse word happ, meaning “chance, good luck.” Combine this with the suffix -less (“lacking”) and hapless means “unlucky” or “ill-fated.” _The Pentagon is hapless and helpless._ :es: desventurado  
__haunch__ _n_ :nine::m::camera: (haunches) __1__ _Anatomy_ The human hip or fleshy hindquarter of an animal, _esp_ a horse or similar quadruped. __2__ _Cookery_ The leg and loin of an animal, used for food: _a haunch of venison._ _Haunches of antelope._  
__hearth__ _n_ :nine::m::hammer: _Hearth repair._ _Hearth taxes._  
__heed__ _v_ :nine::m: To pay close attention to (somebody or something.) _Trump supporters should heed calls from Democrats to limit executive power._ :es: hacer caso de  
__henchman__ _n_ :nine::m: (henchmen) Someone who assists in a plot. _Syn_ collaborator, partner in crime, confederate _The chuckling henchman showed that feeding alligators had its downfalls._  
__hobble<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (hobbled, hobbling) __1__ To fetter by tying the legs; to restrict (a horse) with hobbles. __2__ To walk lame, or unevenly. _He hobbled on a sore ankle._ __3__ _(figuratively)_ To move roughly or irregularly. _A few shops were hobbled in 2015._  
__hump<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: __1__ To bend or round into a hump; arch. __2a__ _(Slang)_ To exert (oneself). __b__ _(Slang)_ To carry, especially on the back. __3__ _(Vulgar Slang)_ To engage in sexual intercourse with.  
__hurl__ _v_ :nine::m: (hurled, hurling) Throw (an object) with great force. _Rioters hurled a brick through the windshield of a car._ _An ethnic slur hurled at her._ _Syn_ throw, toss, fling, pitch, cast _Inmates hurling stones._ :es: lanzar, arrojar  
__impending__ _adj_ :nine::m: If something is impending, it is about to happen. If you hear thunder in the distance, you might go inside to escape the impending storm. _Impending deadline._ _(vs looming deadline)_  
__infamous__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Having a bad reputation: notorious. _Princess Leia’s infamous dual-bun hairstyle._ __2__ Disgraceful.  
__jar<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (jarred, jarring) __1__ To be disturbing or irritating; grate: _The incessant talking jarred on my nerves._ __2__ To shake or shiver from impact. _His right foot jarred against the road._ __3__ To clash or conflict: _"We ourselves often jar with the landscape.” (Isak Dinesen)._ __4__ To bump or cause to move or shake from impact. __5__ To startle or unsettle; shock. _Jarring evidence._  
__keen__ _adj_ :nine::m: If you have a keen interest in something, you are really, really into it. Keen is an adjective that describes something that is intense, sharp, or focused. The adjective keen comes from the Old English word cene that translates to "bold and brave" and while the spelling is now really different, the sounds are similar. Variations of keen as being "bold" and "strong" show up in other languages like Old Norse, German, Dutch, but apparently only English has the meaning of "sharp" — relating to "an edge or blade." Keen has a lot of close — and brutal — synonyms, such as caustic, cutting, piercing, and penetrating! _Keen interest._ _The native digital companies are keen on TV._ _We are keen walkers._  
__keep tab(s) (on someone or something)__ _idiom_ :nine::m: (keep track (of someone or something)) To monitor someone or something; to follow the activities of someone or something. :es: vigilar _Keep close tabs on problems as they occur._ _I don’t keep tabs on him._ _Ed kept close tabs on his brother._  
__kindred spirit__ _idiom_ :nine::m: (kindred spirits) An individual with the same beliefs, attitudes or feelings as oneself. _Dean and I are kindred spirits when it comes to spending money-we’re both tight._ _Syn_ kindred soul _A kindred spirit._ :es: almas gemelas  
__lackluster__ _adj_ :nine::m: Lacking in vitality, force, or conviction; uninspired or uninspiring. _Technical glitches have contributed to the lackluster response._ _A lackluster 1-0 victory at Malaga._  
__lambast__ _v informal_ :nine::m: (also lambaste) (lambasted, lambasting) __1__ To beat or whip severely. __2__ To reprimand harshly; berate.  
__landslide__ _n_ :nine::m: __1a__ The downward sliding of a relatively dry mass of earth and rock. __b__ The mass that slides. Also called landslip. __2a__ A percentage of votes greatly exceeding the required margin of victory. _Kasich scored a landslide victory in a swing state._ __b__ An election that sweeps a party or candidate into office. __3__ A great victory. _I will win the game by a near landslide._  
__lavish<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Expending or bestowing profusely. _Lavish donors. Lavish in giving praise to her employees._ __2a__ Expended or produced in abundance. _The lavish attentions of his mother —George Meredith._ __b__ Marked by profusion or excess. _A lavish home._ _Lavish fees._  
__lest__ _conj_ :nine::m: __1__ With the intention of preventing (something undesirable); to avoid the risk of. _He spent whole days in his room, wearing headphones lest he disturb anyone._ __2__ (after a clause indicating fear) Because of the possibility of something undesirable happening; in case. _Syn_ in case, just in case, for fear that, in order to avoid _She sat up late worrying lest he be murdered on the way home._  
__lore__ _n_ :nine::m: A body of traditions and knowledge on a subject or held by a particular group, typically passed from person to person by word of mouth. :es: saber popular  
__ludicrous__ _adj_ :pencil2::nine::m: Ludicrous things are funny, absurd, or nonsensical. If someone says something silly or far-fetched, you could say "That’s ludicrous!" :es: ridículo  
__lurk__ _v_ :nine::m: /ləːk/ (lurked, lurking) __1__ Be or remain hidden so as to wait in ambush for someone or something. _A ruthless killer still lurked in the darkness._ __2__ _informal_ Read the postings in an Internet forum without actively contributing.  
__marquee__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A canopy projecting over the entrance to a theatre, hotel, or other building. _The company dismantled its large marquee._ __2__ Leading; pre-eminent. _A marquee player._ _Marquee game._ _Marquee grouping._ _Marquee matchup._ _Marquee phone._ _Marquee events._  
__mire__ _v_ :pencil2::nine::m: (mired) __1a__ To cause to sink or become stuck in mire. __b__ To hinder, entrap, or entangle. _Britain is now mired in crisis._ __2__ To soil with mud or mire.  
__mull__ _v_ :nine::m: (mulled, mulling) __1__ To think carefully about something over a period of time. _Cheney was mulling a Senate bid._ __2__ (Brewing) To heat with sugar and spices to make a hot drink. _His mug of mulled cider._  
__nerd__ _n_ :nine::m: A studious person with few social skills.  
__nestle__ _v_ :nine::m: (nestled) __1__ (intr; often foll by up or down) To snuggle, settle, or cuddle closely. __2__ (intr) To be in a sheltered or protected position; lie snugly. __3__ (tr) To shelter or place snugly or partly concealed, as in a nest.  
__no-no__ _n_ _informal_ :nine::m: (no-nos) Anything that is forbidden or not advisable, as because of being improper or unsafe. _Wives and children were a no-no in anyone’s books._ _What are the no-nos of API testing?_  
__oblige__ _v_ :nine::m: (obliges, obliged) __1__ Make (someone) legally or morally bound to do something. _Syn_ compel _Doctors are obliged by law to keep patients alive while there is a chance of recovery._ __2__ Do as (someone) asks or desires in order to help or please them. _Syn_ indulge, gratify _Oblige me by not being sorry for yourself._ __3__ Be indebted or grateful. _Syn_ thankful, grateful _If you can give me a few minutes of your time I’ll be much obliged._  
__ooze__ _v_ :nine::m: (oozes, oozed, oozing) __1__ _(of a fluid)_ Slowly trickle or seep out of something. _Blood was oozing from a wound in his scalp._ _Oozing lava._ _Ketchup oozing from the bottle._ _Syn_ seep, discharge, flow, exude, trickle, drip __2__ Give a powerful impression of (a quality). _She oozes a raunchy sex appeal._ _Syn_ exude, gush _Oozing with talent._  
__ordeal__ _n_ :nine::m: A very unpleasant and prolonged experience. :es: experiencia horrorosa  
__outing__ _n_ :nine::m: (outings) __1__ A short pleasure trip. _Country club outings._ __2__ _informal_ The act of revealing somebody’s homosexuality against their will.  
__outlandish__ _adj_ :nine::m: Looking or sounding bizarre or unfamiliar. _Silva’s outlandish attire._ _An outlandish claim._  
__outspoken__ _adj_ :nine::m::pencil2: Frank in stating one’s opinions, especially if they are shocking or controversial. _Syn_ forthright, direct, candid, frank, straightforward, honest  
__overly__ _adv_ :dart::nine::m: Excessively. _She was a jealous and overly possessive woman._ _Syn_ unduly, excessively, inordinately, too, to too great an extent/degree, immoderately, exceedingly _Well, not to be overly dramatic, but it’s one of the scariest unions of all time._ :es: demasiado  
__pallet__ _n_ :nine::m: (pallets) A portable platform used for storing or moving cargo or freight. _Rob rented a pallet._ _Sleeping pallets (makeshift beds)._  
__partake__ _v_ :nine::m: (partaken, partaking) __1__ (followed by in) To have a share; participate: _to partake in the excitement._ __2__ (Cookery) (followed by of) To take or receive a portion, esp of food or drink: _each partook of the food offered to him._ __3__ (foll by of) to suggest or have some of the quality (of): _music partaking of sadness._  
__penchant__ _n_ :nine::m: (from French, ‘leaning, inclining’, present participle of the verb "pencher") A strong or habitual liking for something or tendency to do something. _Her penchant for love songs._ _The group has evolved into a diverse group with a penchant for complex pieces._ :es: inclinación, afición, predilección  
__pout__ _v_ :nine::m: (pouts, pouting) __1__ To exhibit displeasure or disappointment; sulk. _Pouting session._ __2__ To protrude the lips in an expression of displeasure or sulkiness. __3__ To project or protrude: _The child’s lips pouted._ _You better not cry, you better not pout._  
__preposterous__ _adj_ :nine::m: Contrary to nature, reason, or common sense; absurd. _Syn_ foolish  
__pry__ _v_ :nine::m: To enquire in an overinquisitive or impertinent manner. _To pry the crack open wider and wider._  
__put up with__ _idiom_ :nine::m: To endure without complaint: _We had to put up with the inconvenience._ _They don’t put up with bullshit._ _We’re not going to put up with this anymore._ _People put up with it._ _I can put up with the injury._ _She put up with the men in her life because she had to._  
__quaint__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Pleasingly or strikingly old-fashioned or unusual. __2__ Unfamiliar or different in character or appearance; odd. _Quaint town._ _Quaint streets._  
__qualm__ _n_ :nine::m: (qualms) An uneasy feeling of doubt, worry, or fear, especially about one’s own conduct; a misgiving. _He has some serious qualms about the book._ :es: reparo; escrúpulo; duda; náusea, mareo  
__quandary__ _n_ :nine::m: A state of perplexity or doubt. A situation in which one has to choose between two or more equally unsatisfactory choices. _Syn_ catch-22, dilemma, double bind _All-Star managers face quandary._ _Mel was in a quandary._  
__quash__ _v_ :nine::m: (quashed) __1__ To annul or put an end to (a court order, indictment, or court proceedings). _To quash her subpoena._ __2__ To put down or suppress forcibly and completely: _quash a rebellion._ __3__ To put an end to or destroy: _quash a rumor; quash hopes of an agreement._  
__quell__ _v_ :nine::m: (quelled) Put an end to (a rebellion or other disorder), typically by the use of force. _Syn_ put an end to, stamp out, put a stop to, end, finish :es: calmar, reprimir  
__rally<sup>1</sup>__ _v tr_ :nine::m: __1__ To call together for a common purpose; assemble: _rally troops at a parade ground._ __2__ To reassemble and restore to order: _rally scattered forces._ __3__ To rouse or revive from inactivity or decline: _paused to refresh themselves and rally their strength._  
__rally<sup>2</sup>__ _v intr_ :nine::m: __1__ To come together for a common purpose: _The candidate’s supporters rallied on the common._ __2__ To join in an effort for a common cause: _"In the terror and confusion of change, society rallied round the kings." (Garrett Mattingly)_ __3a__ To recover abruptly from a setback, disadvantage, or disease: _The patient rallied after the fever broke._ __b__ To increase sharply in price or value after a decline: _The housing market rallied in the spring._ _The Dow Jones rallied 1.4% Monday._ _The euro initially rallied by the most in nearly a month._ __4__ _Sports_ To exchange strokes before a point is won, as in tennis. _This time Oklahoma State rallied furiously for a 35-31 victory._ _The Czechs rallied to a 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 victory._  
__ratchet (something) up/down__ _v_ :nine::m: To increase, or make something increase, repeatedly and by small amounts. _They intend to ratchet up the pressure on Iran._ _Analysts have been ratcheting down estimates._  
__raucous__ _adj_ :nine::m: Making or constituting a disturbingly harsh and loud noise. _Raucous youths._ _Copland’s Hoedown is raucously fun._ _Syn_ harsh, strident :es: estridente  
__rebuff__ _v_ :nine::m: (rebuffed) To refuse; to offer sudden or harsh resistance; to turn down or shut out. To refuse to accept a helpful suggestion offer from someone, often by answering in an unfriendly way. _Syn_ reject, turn down, decline _She rebuffed all suggestions that she should resign._ _The effort has been rebuffed._  
__reel<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (reels, reeling) __1__ To be thrown off balance or fall back. _Reeled from the sharp blow._ __2__ To stagger, lurch, or sway, as from drunkenness. _Reeled down the alley._ _Reeling economy._ _The world reels from a series of horrifying terror attacks._ :es: _tambaleante economía_ __3__ To go round and round in a whirling motion. _Gulls reeling and diving._  
__respite__ _n_ :nine::m: A respite is a break from something that’s difficult or unpleasant. If you’re cramming for exams, take an occasional walk to give yourself a respite from the intensity.  
__reveler__ _n_ :nine::m: A celebrant who shares in a noisy party. _The clubs attract revelers as young as thirteen._ _St. Patrick’s day revelers._ _Mardi Gras revelers._  
__rife__ _adj_ :nine::m: Use the adjective rife to mean "full of" or "widespread," especially when you’re talking about something negative. If the lifeguard says the water is rife with jellyfish, you’re not going to want to swim in it. :es: _It is rife with mistakes._ > Está plagado de errores. _Smallpox was still rife._ > La viruela aún hacía estragos.  
__rift__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A fissure or crack, _esp_ in the earth. __2__ A disruption of friendly relations between individuals, nations, etc. _Political rift._ _With deal of troops in danger, Afghan leader provokes further rifts._ _Rifts reopen after friendly trade summit._ _The rift between the two brothers._  
__ripe__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ When a fruit is ripe, it is time to pick it and eat it. If you say the time is ripe, then now is the time for action. Ripe means ready. Fully developed or matured and ready to be eaten or used. _Four large ripe tomatoes._ __2__ Most suitable or right for a particular purpose. _A ripe subject._ _His parents signed him for a church choir at the ripe age of 5._ _The conditions were ripe for a calamity._  
__roil__ _v_ :nine::m: (roiled, roiling) US term for rile (make someone annoyed or irritated). _Another shocker roils _Game_ finale._ _They plunged into the roiling water._ _His stomach was roiling._ _The sky was gray and roiling with clouds._ :es: enturbiarse; agitarse  
__ruddy__ _adj_ :nine::m: Ruddy is used to describe something that is reddish—like the color of red hair, tomatoes, or your cheeks on a cold winter’s day. _Until her skin was ruddy._  
__rummage__ _v_ :nine::m::hammer: (rummaged, rummaging) _Jack was rummaging._ _She rummaged through the kitchen cutlery drawer._  
__runner-up__ _n_ :nine::m::dart: (runners-up) The competitor who finishes second. _Syn_ second best _Nadal was the runner-up to Roger Federer in 2006-7._ _They are runners-up to Real Madrid._ _Nishikori was runner-up here last season._  
__runoff__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ The final decisive race, contest, or election. _Enough votes to force a runoff._ _A runoff vote._ __2__ The portions of the rainfall that ultimately reaches streams. _The runoff waters of spring._ _Sediment runoff._  
__sap<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (saps, sapped, sapping, sappy) Gradually weaken or destroy (a person’s strength or power). _Weak demand sapping trade._ _His energy was sapping._ _Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy._  
__scathing__ _adj_ :nine::m: Bitterly severe. _His scathing indictment of Congress._ :es: mordaz; feroz  
__scour__ _v_ :nine::m: (scours, scoured, scouring) __1a__ To clean, polish, or wash by scrubbing vigorously: _scour a dirty oven._ __b__ To remove by scrubbing: _scour grease from a pan._ __2__ To remove dirt or grease from (cloth or fibers) by means of a detergent. __3__ To clean (wheat) before the milling process. __4__ To clear (an area) by freeing of weeds or other vegetation. __5__ To clear (a channel or pipe) by flushing. __6__ Search thoroughly. _He invests hours scouring film._ __7__ To range over (an area) quickly and energetically.  
__scourge__ _n_ :nine::m: /skəːdʒ/ A person or thing that causes great trouble or suffering. _Syn_ affliction, bane, curse, plague _The scourge of mass unemployment._ _Some conservative members called him a scourge who had put national security at risk._ _It goes back to the scourges of smallpox and the Black Plague._  
__scrap<sup>2</sup>__ _v tr_ :nine::m: (scraps, scrapped, scrapping) __1__ To break down into parts for disposal or salvage: _scrap an old stove._ __2__ To discard or abandon as useless; cancel: _scrap a plan._ _It forced oil companies to scrap planned investments._ _Ship to be scrapped had reactor built on board in 1960s._ _Scrapping the legislation._  
__scrap<sup>3</sup>__ _v intr_ :nine::m: (scrapping) To fight, usually with the fists. _A boy spends the next four decades scrapping._  
__scruffy__ _adj_ :nine::m::camera: (scruffier) Shabby and untidy.  
__seep__ _v_ :nine::m: (seeped, seeping) (of a liquid) Flow or leak slowly through porous material or small holes. _Water began to seep through the soles of his boots._ _Their blood was seeped into the soil of my continent._ _Blood seeped out of their pores._ _Sweat seeped down his back._ _Syn_ oze, trickle, exude, drip  
__seethe__ _v_ :nine::m::dart: (seethes, seethed, seething) If a liquid seethes, it is boiling, but if it’s a person who’s seething, watch out! He or she is really angry! _Pujols was left seething._  
__sheer<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Used for emphasizing the amount or degree of something. _The sheer magnitude of threats._ _Sheer size._ _The sheer scale of the operations surprised many._ __2__ Thin, fine, and translucent: _sheer curtains; sheer chiffon._ __3a__ Completely such, without qualification or exception: _sheer stupidity; sheer happiness._ _Sheer brazenness._ __b__ Free from admixture or adulterants; unmixed: _sheer alcohol._ __c__ Considered or operating apart from anything else: _got the job through sheer persistence._ __4__ Almost perpendicular; steep: _sheer rock cliffs._ _Syn_ steep  
__shun__ _v_ :nine::m: (shunned) To avoid (somebody or something) deliberately, especially habitually. :es: esquivar, rehuir  
__shutout__ _n_ :nine::m: _Sports_ A game in which one side does not score. _Last year, the NL won in a shutout._ _It was the Tigers’s fifth consecutive shutout._ _Chelsea Haas won seven games with six shutouts._  
__simmer__ _v_ :nine::m: (simmers, simmering) (of water or food that is being heated) Stay just below boiling point while bubbling gently. _The goulash was simmering slowly in the oven._ _Syn_ boil gently, not quite boil, cook gently, poach _The Family Corleone is filled with the smell of simmering tomato sauce._ :es: hervir a fuego lento, estar a punto de hervir  
__slew__ _n informal_ :nine::m::reminder_ribbon: /sluː/ !few A large amount or number; a lot. _A slew of unpaid bills._ _A slew of appearances by comic book artists._  
__slick<sup>3</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Deft of skilful. _They were slick as hell._ __2__ Superficially plausible or impressive: glib. __3__ Smooth or slippery. _The slick surface._ _It was a slick scam._ _The alligators were slick with mud._ _Slick magazines._ _A slick paper magazine._  
__sliver<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m::camera: A small slender piece cut or broken off something; a splinter. _A sliver of chicken._ _Slivers of salmon._ _The early sun looked like a sliver of pink ice._ _A sliver of our time._ _Slivers of ice on the quirt._ _Some sliver of light._  
__slosh__ _v_ :nine::m: (sloshed, sloshing) __1__ _(of liquid in a container)_ Move irregularly with a splashing sound. _Water in the boat sloshed around under our feet._ _Syn_ spill, slop, splash, flow, overflow _Beer sloshed over the side of the glass._ __2__ _(of a person)_ Move through liquid with a splashing sound. _They sloshed up the tracks in the dank woods._ _Syn_ splash, squelch, wade _Workers sloshed around in boots._ :es: chapotear  
__sly__ _adj_ :nine::m: Having or showing a cunning and deceitful nature. _A sly smile._ _Sly humor._ _Sometimes it takes a sly fox to catch a sly fox._ :es: astuto; malicioso  
__smattering__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A slight superficial knowledge of a language or subject. _Edward had only a smattering of Spanish._ _I picked up a smattering of German while on vacation in Germany._ __2__ A small amount of something. _For everyone but the casinos and a smattering of skilled poker players, online gambling is a very bad bet._ _I see just a smattering of raised hands._ _A smattering of raindrops._  
__smitten<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Smitten means overwhelmed or struck by something, usually love. _The way you light up every time the waiter comes over to your table, it’s obvious you’re smitten with him._ __1__ _(used in combination)_ Affected by something overwhelming. _He was smitten by the landscape._ __2__ Marked by foolish or unreasoning fondness. _He was smitten by her red hair._  
__smolder<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (smolders, smoldered, smoldering) Burn slowly with smoke but no flame. _The bonfire still smouldered, the smoke drifting over the paddock._ _Syn_ burn slowly, smoke, glow :es: arder sin llama  
__smug__ _adj_ :nine::m: _(disapproving)_ Showing that you are very satisfied with how smart, lucky, or good you are: _a smug smile._ _Their smug belief in some form of American exceptionalism._ _Pour yourself a whiskey and feel smug about your incredible preparedness._ _He was sort of smug about it._  
__snarl<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (snarled, snarling) (of an animal such as a dog) Make an aggressive growl with bared teeth. _Snarling Dobermans._ _Syn_ growl, gnash one’s teeth _The wolves are snarling._ :es: gruñir  
__snub<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: /snʌb/ (snubs, snubbed) Rebuff, ignore, or spurn disdainfully. _Syn_ insult, slight, affront, humiliate _Putin is not just snubbing the United States and the G8._ _He snubbed faculty members and students alike._ _Snubbed nose._ :es: _desaire, repulsa_  
__sprinkle<sup>2</sup>__ _v tr_ :nine::m: (sprinkles, sprinkled, sprinkling) __1__ To scatter in drops or particles: _sprinkled sugar on the cereal._ __2__ To scatter drops or particles on: _sprinkled the buns with flour._ __3__ To intersperse with something as if by scattering: _sprinkled his speech with quotations._ __4__ To distribute or intersperse at random: _sprinkled jokes throughout the speech._  
__sputter__ _v_ :nine::m: (sputters, sputtered, sputtering) Make a series of soft explosive sounds, typically when being heated or as a symptom of a fault. _The engine sputtered and stopped._ _The car lurched forward, sputtering, and then died._  
__squirm<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m::hammer: (squirming) _Syn_ twist, worm, wriggle, writhe, wrestle _Squirming like a toad._ _Five-year-old Katie squirmed in her lap._  
__stalwart<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: Loyal, reliable, and hard-working. _He remained a stalwart supporter of the cause._ _Syn_ staunch, loyal, faithful, committed, devoted, dedicated, dependable, reliable, steady  
__staunch<sup>1</sup>__ _adj_ :nine::m: __1__ Firm and steadfast; loyal or true. _Syn_ loyal, faithful __2__ Having a strong or substantial construction or constitution. _A staunch little cabin._  
__stifle__ _v_ :nine::m::dart: (stifles, stifled, stifling) Suffocate. _It stifles productive enterprise._ _Stifling heat._  
__stoke__ _v_ :nine::m: (stoked, stoking, stoke up) __1__ To add more coal or wood to a fire. _I stoked the furnace for the night._ __2__ To cause something to increase. _Rising oil prices stoked inflation._ _Stoking tensions._  
__stoop<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (stooped) __1__ _(also stoop down)_ To bend your body forward and down. _Jean stoops to pick cranberries for preserves._ _We had to stoop to pass through the low entrance._ _Dave stooped down to tie his shoes._ __2__ To stand with your back and shoulders bent forwards. _Although stooped by age, her eyes were sharp._  
__stop short__ _v_ :nine::m: (stop-short, stopped short) __1__ To come to a sudden and unexpected stop, particularly while speaking or driving a vehicle. __2__ Usually with of, to voluntarily cease an attempt to reach a certain point.  
__stoppage__ _n_ :nine::m::hammer: _Keep work stoppages to a minimum._ _A stoppage-time goal._ _Aer Lingus cabin crew staged a 24-hour work stoppage May 30._  
__strain<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (strained, straining) __1__ Force (a part of one’s body or oneself) to make an unusually great effort. _I stopped and listened, straining my ears for any sound._ :es: esforzarse __2__ Pour (a mainly liquid substance) through a porous or perforated device or material in order to separate out any solid matter. _Strain the custard into a bowl._ :es: colar, filtrar  
__strew__ _v_ :nine::m: (strewed, strewn or strewed) When you strew something, you scatter it all over the place. At a wedding, for example, the flower child’s job is to strew the path with petals.  
__strife__ _n_ :nine::m: Angry or bitter disagreement over fundamental issues; conflict. _Syn_ conflict, friction, discord, disagreement _Strife within the community._ :es: lucha, contienda  
__stringent__ _adj_ :nine::m: (stringently) __1__ Imposing rigorous standards of performance; severe: _stringent safety measures._ __2__ Constricted; tight: _operating under a stringent time limit._ __3__ Characterized by scarcity of money, credit restrictions, or other financial strain: _stringent economic policies._  
__stubble__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ The short, stiff stalks of grain or hay remaining on a field after harvesting. _The sugarcane stubble._ _Smoke from a distant stubble fire._ __2__ Something resembling this material, especially the short growth of hair that eventually protrudes from the skin after shaving.  
__stump__ _v_ :nine::m::dart: (stumped) There are three ways to stump: you can ask someone a question they can’t answer, you can travel making political speeches, or you can stomp. Stump can mean many things as a verb. The most common use is when someone — like a teacher — asks a question that no one can answer. That’s a case of the teacher stumping the class. Also, politicians traveling through a district, making speeches are stumping, giving what are called stump speeches. Once in a while, to stump means the same thing as two similar words, stomp and stamp. If you’re stumping, stomping, and stamping around, you’re making a lot of noise with your feet. _Computers were loaded with reference materials so that inmates could look up answers (without accessing the Internet) when they were stumped._  
__stymie__ _v_ :nine::m: (stymieing, stymied) To present an obstacle to (somebode or something); to thwart; stand in the way of.. _Syn_ blockade, obstruct, stymy, embarrass, hinder, block  
__swath__ _n_ :nine::m: (swathe) __1__ A row or line of grass, corn, or other crop as it falls or lies when mown or reaped. _If the day is windy, the swathes should be high and narrow._ __2__ Strip left clear by the passage of a mowing machine or scythe. _The combine had cut a deep swathe around the border of the fields._ __3__ A broad strip or area of something. _Vast swathes of countryside._ __4__ A strip, belt, or long and relatively narrow extent of anything.  
__sway<sup>1</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (swayed, swaying) __1__ Move or cause to move slowly or rhythmically backwards and forwards or from side to side. _Syn_ swing, shake, oscillate, rock _Swaying in the stands._ _Swaying like a metronome._ _The flowers bobbled and swayed._ __2__ Win approval or support for. _His speech did not sway the voters._ _He had no sway over him._ _They stood together and swayed._ _Syn_ carry, persuade  
__swerve<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (swerves, swerved) __1__ To make a sudden sideways movement while moving forwards, usually in order to avoid hitting something. (swerve violently/sharply) _The car swerved sharply to avoid the dog._ (swerve across/off/into etc) _The bus swerved off the road._ __2__ _[usually in negatives]_ _formal_ To change from an idea, course of action, purpose etc. (swerve from) _He would never swerve from the truth._  
__swoon__ _v_ :nine::m: (swoons, swooned, swooning) __1__ _literary_ Faint, especially from extreme emotion. _Frankie’s mother swooned and had to be helped to the headmaster’s office._ __2__ Be overcome with admiration, adoration, or other strong emotion. _Women swoon over his manly, unaffected ways._  
__swoop<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (swooped, swooping) __1__ If a bird or aircraft swoops, it moves suddenly down through the air, especially in order to attack something. __2__ If the police, army etc swoop on a place, they go there without any warning in order to look for someone or something.  
__taper<sup>2</sup>__ _v_ :nine::m: (tapered, tapering) To taper is to gradually grow smaller or more narrow or less intense. Taper is often used with the word "off." _Part of the power of the Vietnam Memorial is in how the two walls appear to "taper off" into infinity._  
__teeter__ _v_ :nine::m: (teeters, teetering) __1__ To walk or move unsteadily or unsurely; totter. _Iran is teetering on the brink of a civil war._ __2__ To alternate, as between opposing attitudes or positions; vacillate. __3__ To seesaw.  
__then again__ _idiom_ :nine::m: From another standpoint; on the other hand; on second thought. An opposite possibility. _I need a vacation. Then again, so do my coworkers._  
__thrash__ _v_ :nine::m: (thrashed, thrashing) __1__ To move or make something move from side to side in a violent or uncontrolled way. __2__ To beat someone violently, especially in order to punish them. _Thrash talk._ __3__ To defeat someone very easily in a game. _Toronto thrashed New York City F.C._  
__thwart__ _v_ :nine::m::pencil2: (thwarted) Prevent (someone) from accomplishing something. _Clerk with real gun thwarts BB gun holdup._ :es: frustrar, desbaratar  
__timely__ _adj_ :nine::m::hammer: _Providing timely information._ _The tests need to be written in a timely fashion._ _In a timely manner._  
__trample__ _v_ :nine::m: (trampled, trampling) __1__ To step heavily on something, so that you crush it with your feet. (trample on/over/through etc) _There was a small fence to stop people trampling on the flowers._ _They trample the weeds heading for the park._ __2__ To behave in a way that shows that you do not care about someone’s rights or feelings. (trample on/over somebody/something) _Don’t let people trample all over you._ _Snow trampled down by detectives._  
__trickle<sup>1</sup>__ _n_ :nine::m: __1__ A small group or number of people or things moving slowly. _A trickle of customers._ :es: goteo, reguero __2__ Come or go slowly or gradually. _She trickle out, shocking friends and connections in the sports world._ _A trickle of electricity._ _A trickle of sunlight._  
__trudge__ _v_ :nine::m::hammer: (trudged, trudging)  
__unfettered__ _adj_ :nine::m: Not kept under retraint; uninhibited. _Exposed to unfettered political advocacy._ _Unfettered by commutes._ _Unfettered flow of information._ _Unfettered travel._  
__upend__ _v_ :nine::m: (upended, upending) Become turned or set on end. _The earthquake upended the nation last week._  
__wallow__ _v_ :nine::m: (wallows, wallowed, wallowing) __1__ _(chiefly of large mammals)_ Roll about or lie relaxed in mud or water, especially to keep cool, avoid biting insects, or spread scent. :es: revolcarse por __2__ _(of a person)_ Indulge in an unrestrained way in (something that one finds pleasurable). _I was wallowing in the luxury of the hotel._ _Syn_ luxuriate, bask, take pleasure, take satisfaction, indulge (oneself)  
__wayward__ _adj_ :nine::m: Someone wayward is a little stubborn and independent — they’re determined to find their own way and are not easily controlled. Being wayward can mean a few things, but they all have something to do with doing your own thing — often, going against what others want you to do. A rebellious student is wayward. A son who ignores his parent’s advice is wayward. A politician who goes against everyone else in his political party is wayward. Wayward folks like to go their own way — and they often take the unexpected path. _A wayward boy._ _Wayward corporations._ :es: díscolo  
__whisk<sup>1</sup>__ _v intr_ :nine::m: To move lightly, nimbly, and rapidly. _To whisk it away._ _He whisked his wife and 6-year-old daughter back to Afganistan._ _Let Europe’s fastest elevator whisk you 24 floors in a mere 20 seconds._  
__whisk<sup>2</sup>__ _v tr_ :nine::m: (whisked) __1__ To move or cause to move with quick light sweeping motions: _whisked crumbs off the table; whisked the children away._ __2__ To whip (eggs or cream).  
